show we've got a great show lined up for
you guys this week Google's AI overviews
feature launched and is doing all kinds
of wacky things citing the onion
recommending the health benefits of
drinking urine um good job Google uh in
other news Spotify bricks its thing
which is going to make a lot more sense
to you if you know what the thing is
which we will cover later what else we
got today LT released thirdparty
investigation summary and the arm with
Windows Revolution might come packed
with a privacy nightmare oh yeah that's
going to be very interesting we'll talk
about
[Music]
that do I need to oh
okay the W show is brought to you by
Ridge acronis mend and our new WoW
partner secret lab we've been sitting on
their chairs for years so it just made
sense check them out at the link in the
video description to start us off we've
got the LTT release thirdparty
investigation summary lmg committed to
releasing the results when this whole
thing started and they did so by posting
it on X formerly known as Twitter the W
show is not the place to discuss HR
matters so we won't be talking about it
here go check it out yourself if you are
interested I also need to note that any
comments in live chat or merch messages
about this topic will just be ignored
and any bullying or harassment of any
involved party could result in
consequences including a permanent ban
so let's just not but let us continue on
with the show yeah do you want to jump
right into Spotify bricking its thing
yeah okay so first of all I had
completely forgotten about the car thing
yes okay so it's an accessory forget
about it I never knew SL infotainment
device and the idea was to be able to
have Spotify in a car that doesn't have
Android auto or doesn't have carplay or
maybe you just don't feel like using
Android auto or carplay and you just
wanted this dedicated device to connect
to Spotify and what's kind of cool about
it is that people weren't just using it
in their cars um I saw was it snowy LS I
don't know it was someone uh someone on
the internet um said that they kind of
used it in their workshop but basically
it was just an interface that allowed
you to interface with Spotify um it was
invite only and it was launched in April
of 20121 and then launched publicly in
February of 2022 for $90 it was then
pulled from sale just five months later
meaning that many de many users who own
these devices have had them for less
than 2 years and nobody who has one has
had it for more than about 3 years now
just this week Spotify okay hold on
first of all Spotify began noticing
people um that began notifying people
that the car thing will be discontinued
as of December 9th of this year and it
will be rendered completely inoperable
so not only are they discontinuing it
they are actually going okay this is the
date this is the hard date throw it in
the garbage it gets better I mean worse
sorry worse that was a verbal typo it
gets worse Spotify is neither offering a
refund nor is it even offering a storing
credit it is basically going hey thanks
for your $90 we hope you enjoyed the
limited amount of time that you had to
own that product that we I don't know I
guess this is now a retroactive lease
agreement um
I think you might have basically just
specified this but when was the last
what like when could someone have
ordered it the same day that it was
discontinued no people could have
ordered this as recently as March April
May June July as recently as the summer
of 2022 okay so a little less than two
years
ago that's wild though I don't get it I
don't understand why like I I could
understand saying like Okay we're going
to end of life this thing it's not going
to receive updates but it would probably
keep working for a pretty considerable
amount of time uh well yes and no
because whatever whatever API hooks it
might rely
on maybe it doesn't and I mean this is a
funny one to me because it is
mindblowing to me my understanding and
guys correct me if I'm wrong here my
understanding is that it's it's just
like an android-based pretty simple
thing um
so from my point of view I don't really
see the reason why this wouldn't have
just been like running the Android app
in the background and the interface
wouldn't have just been the same as any
other device in which case to Luke's
Point there's no reason it couldn't just
keep working for a very long period of
time kind of like when Pebble stopped
getting updates to the app but dude that
worked for years yeah they didn't
actually kill it yeah they didn't
actively shut it down
um people are trying to sell them I'm
finding uh like ebay.ca people are
trying to s so the only reason I can
think of for them to actively kill it
right now would be if they created some
kind of custom backend or custom
interface for it to interact with and
this is something that maybe you can
explain to me okay because I don't
understand it when I read comments in
the YouTube Creator studio app they are
oh yeah you you've talked to me yeah
I've talked to you about this okay they
are not the same as the ones that are
publicly accessible okay so for example
if I sort by newest the Creator studio
app will be like missing a bunch of them
and if I go sort by newest in the on the
live site they're all there there
there's more of them
there why the everloving fck do they
have two databases of the comments on
this video no no no no no hold on hold
on stop typing stop typing stop typing
what they're tying I know what they're
typing too okay YouTube is a massive
service that has people accessing it
from all over the world it operates at a
scale that is barely imaginable to the
lay person they absolutely have geore
replicated servers running their
services I get
it that's not what this is I don't I
don't think it's and I know this I know
this for a fact it's it's I'm hooking
into a separate
for whatever reason that I can't
possibly fathom it is it is a sub it's a
subset
why why would you redo
work help me well I don't I don't think
they did redo work um I don't think
they're pulling from two different data
sets um I'm not necessarily sure what's
going on it doesn't make a ton of sense
to me but I don't know how the thing is
built and I mean this isn't this isn't
to have have two solutions pulling in
different ways pulling at different
times
um why the Creator want like you're
saying it doesn't have ones that are on
the live one that feels almost backwards
to me I would feel like the Creator one
would pull like more frequently you
would think that that's what I would
think so the fact that it works the
other way around feels weird to me y I
don't know I I can't fully explain it
personally like personally I if if I was
building this thing I would expect them
to act identically well yeah I can
understand how there would be two
different entire teams like the the team
that works on the YouTube studio app is
probably a team of people that is
completely different why are they doing
anything other than tapping into the
same
API why so they could but they could in
a different way okay why maybe they pull
comments less frequently whatever else
but why they probably don't talk to each
other so they don't necessarily know how
the other team's doing
it I would I would think that there
would be some form of standardized thing
but like I have no idea I haven't worked
at a company in that scale and it just
doesn't make sense to me at all so I'm
trying to make assumptions about
something that I I don't get how it
would become that way yeah it's a it's a
it's a baffling thing dude there was I I
think it's teams not directly communic
with each other accessing the same
repository but in different ways and
that's creating a frustrating experience
there was another discrepancy that I
found a while back that just completely
broke my brain uh I'm going to I'm going
to see if I can pull it up because I I
sent it to our YouTube rep who is a
wonderful human being and one of my
favoritest persons that I've ever had
the pleasure of dealing with at uh at a
tech company
um oh this is a funny one I be the same
separate I don't
know all right um anyway what is what is
the
oh yeah yeah yeah here we go here we go
so I sent a followup in uh in March uh
so a couple of months ago um Creator
Studio mobile app shows 98 replies on
this thread uh second screenshot is
showing everything that shows up when I
scroll all the way down come on folks
uh so you can have a look at my
screenshots here this is the creator
studio app so it even managed to log the
number of replies there are supposed to
be okay and this is oh dang it uh great
here we go and then here is everything
that comes up that's all of them that's
every reply there is no more room to
scroll it's like eight and when I
accessed it publicly because the reason
the reason that I was that I was drawn
to this one in particular was cuz I had
replied to it
so I replied to it and I was checking I
was checking in on replies to my reply
cuz it was an active
conversation I not only can only see
these eight responses I can't see my own
[__]
message when had you had sent are those
is there a time thing so are all those
messages from before A Certain period of
time this is this is what a decent
amount of my theory is leaning on so I
think those messages are yeah I think it
is truncated here but what I can't
imagine is any reason why yeah I don't
know I just I think I think the
whatever's pulling it is not happening
at the same rate that it happens on the
live no CU I could go back ages later
and they still wouldn't be there oh yeah
yeah so this this is this is the kind of
stuff you guys think you got your new
YouTube interface and you're all mad
about that guys that is the least of
their problems they can't even figure
out how manying comments are in a are in
a chain like man I I remember I remember
talking to someone someone at YouTube
about this years ago I was like look if
you guys want to be a social media
platform you could be you could be the
biggest social media platform like
practically overnight but you've got to
deal with comments you've got to deal
with user to user interaction because
it's it's a cluster bomb right now and
to to their credit they've done a lot
cluster bom with respect to um with
respect to moderation automatic
moderation of like um Bots and stuff
like that it's not perfect but it's so
much better than it was a year or two
ago but the fact that they don't have
like a pretty bad I can't imagine people
aren't posting like asky tanks anymore
but there sure is a lot of other spam
there's a lot less porn spam a lot
less like way less and it's far less
overt there's no more WhatsApp numbers
and usernames they have they have cut
down on a look what I'm seeing a ton of
and I'm seeing this ubiquitously on
every video on the platform is is
Amazon's groundbreaking new
cryptocurrency I haven't actually seen a
lot of those lately either sorry guys um
is is replies that look extremely real
and then you look at the little photo
yep and you're like I still come across
a lot of those but I see those all the
time dude what's even the point of those
got to perform a lot worse yeah those
can't be that effective so in terms of
cutting down on the I wouldn't be too
surprised if there are some but those
comments a lot of the time users
clicking on profiles hoping
sure I look we can acknowledge the
improve if didn't work they wouldn't do
it but we can acknowledge the improve
they don't do it as much yes not even
it's improved it's improved the the
names needing to not be like phone
numbers and WhatsApp IDs and stuff
that's a big Improvement okay so I know
that it's been at least a conversation I
don't know internally at Google but but
externally to Google for years that what
they should be doing is they should be
doing like a more of a Reddit style up
voting and down voting system if they
really want to improve comment quality
and do they not is there not can you not
down vote on YouTu you can up vote and
down vote but what you can't have is
conversation uh threads within a parent
comment okay so you can't have like
multiple branches off of of of a that
actually gets pretty confusing when
people are replying to each other within
that does get confusing so so this ended
up on speaking of Reddit this ended up
on the LTT subreddit when I replied to
someone on the um the pool cleaning
robot video
and and people started kind of saying
blindness is super aggressive and
defensive here when they thought I was
replying to the parent comment but what
I was actually replying to was one of
the comments that was a sub comment
under it by the original poster so what
because I added them the Assumption was
that it was replying to the parent
comment but it wasn't I was I was
directly addressing things that they had
said
and when some people noticed and we like
um actually people were like oh what he
said makes way more sense because he was
actually replying to a completely
different comment but it gets even
better and this is this is where I'm
going with this uh tying back to the
mobile app when I sort by newest I can't
see if a comment is a parent or child
comment so I never even knew that the
original post
existed I replied Direct
to their reply to their own comment not
knowing that it was a child comment
rather than a parent comment so when I
saw some of the backlash to what I said
I was completely thrown for a loop I was
like oh YouTube YouTube YouTube we can't
live with you we can't live without you
hey thanks for this career um any who
Spotify what should they do what can
they do to make this right because I
mean it's not going to do us any good to
just say oh yeah Spotify bad people I
hate them forever what what can they do
now some amount of store credit would
probably be good at the very least is
that enough um how much it was a $90
device this is not a cheap this is not
some throwaway meme product this is
something people bought for nearly a
hundred I mean probably hundred bucks by
the time they pay for shipping for it I
I don't know if they free shipped it but
whatever in the neighborhood of $100
that's not like meme I bought it at the
dollar store
money yeah
um I don't
know you have to be able to stop
supporting things eventually yeah that's
a really good point and and whatever
reason they did it for the way it
interfaces with Spotify is not in a
generic way that will continue to work
until some unforeseeable time in the
future so yeah you've got to be able to
discontinue stuff but like this clearly
isn't right too early um they did stop
selling it what a year and a half ago so
that's good you should Pro I I believe
you should give it more legs than that
um and then I mean it isn't turning off
for another seven months so it will have
been 2 and a half years by the time it
actually turns off in my opinion you
should
never really like deactivate things just
let them rot
eventually I don't know I'd want to see
I don't think you're going to be able to
allow like my my brain wants to is is
thinking about like when when games shut
down we always ask them like oh make it
so other people can I don't think that's
necessarily going to be able to happen
cuz this isn't like you probably can't
like plug a USB into this thing and like
reprogram it I mean easily if it's if is
is it Android based does anyone know cuz
if it is then you almost certainly I've
never seen one I mean so I could be
wrong you 100% can okay well then they
should do that yeah I mean and look it's
Linux
based why don't they do that can people
just do that anyways can I make an
argument hold on hold on hold on it's
hackable wait one second I I know but
we're going to get there we're going to
get give me a second right I can
understand I was hanging out with I was
having a good time I know that I know
that's why I took it
away I just hate seeing Joy on your
face I um I can understand why they
might not necessarily be able to do that
there may be intellectual property
concerns in the code right oh yeah okay
there could be there could be okay
however I think at the very
least some kind
of nudge nudge or or
facilitation for the open source
Community to to to take it over is in
order here I understand why legal might
not have allowed it but I hate this this
is such a terrible precedent it's such a
terrible way of behaving as a company
that it almost doesn't really matter
what the legal advice was you've got to
find a way to do the right thing yeah
and the right thing is obviously to make
it able to continue to work and the very
very least they could have done is to
not actively brick it so apparently
people have already done a USB unlock of
it there's already a jailbreak yes what
I think would be
pretty sick in my opinion there's
apparently a subreddit already I love it
car thing hacks nice uh what I think
would be pretty sick is if they if they
gave some Spotify developer time to the
open source project I think that would
be that would be such even if they're
still going to shut it down in December
or whatever I think that would be such a
a good faith good guy move that people
would be willing to look past a lot of
the crappiness of this situation overall
it's not great it hasn't been conducted
great so far and they can't commit I'm
just going to defend them slightly they
can't commit to this forever no you
can't support something forever but if
they're that's the problem with smart
devices that's why I didn't buy that uh
that floor cleaning robot because I told
you about that conversation right where
I was like okay but like what happens if
you go bankrupt does it operate without
your Cloud thing and they're like well
yeah it's not going to go away and I'm
like right but if it does what happens
is it a brick well yeah but we're doing
great
we're not going to go away you a [__]
idiot I'm not going to buy it was it was
it was like $188,000 or something like
I'm not going to spend that kind of
money on something that just turns off a
a lot of things like that like
infrastructure like that is going to be
in deployment for the entire existence
of that building I could expect that
robot to work for 25 years I don't think
I don't know even if your company
doesn't go under you could get acquired
by someone who doesn't give two shits
about floor cleaning robots maybe they
want to use your your automated
pathfinding technology for application
or something I don't care about my
stupid badminton building yeah see you
later you never know you don't know yeah
but so I yeah I think I think that would
actually be very cool is if Spotify
software developers Spotify software
Engineers were given a little bit of
time it has to be limited it's not going
to be able to be a ton they're
discontinuing this for a reason but a
decent amount of time enough time to
make a really
solid uh contribution to the open source
project don't take it
over don't have anyone become leads on
it or anything but try to contribute
really heavily and get it to a point
where the open source Community is like
pretty stoked on it and then just let
them have it and
leave and that's not like a happy ending
but it's a neat ending I don't think
it's that kind of
device I mean I'm sure in open source
that does
exist I'm sure it does
too all right oh man what is our next
topic going to be imagine
imagine the fact that he can't even get
it out this is not a good sign he's
never had this problem before I haven't
been canceled in a while just imagine
being like yeah you know what this isn't
good enough I need I need to push
contributing
code imagine like just having that
open source open legs I need some people
to test this one you got to push the
contributing code then you got to pull
it I'm on the Alpha version of the the
new
thing I I need to really access to all
the features works with Android
15 oh man okay all righty you want to
pick our next topic yeah yeah yeah yeah
should we do our new channel yeah
actually I want to I want to see cuz I
think a lot of people don't know that
it's live I want to see comments live of
what people think of like the voice and
stuff cuz it's a relatively short video
so people could go watch it I mean it's
on our own video we can watch it
together yeah we can react to our own
video Dang it we can do that we can do
that it's the Internet it's it's online
it's it's brought to you by um a secret
Lab secret yeah there there's their logo
sure whatever that one's not even
legible way to go
oh what a guy it's obviously my fault um
all right I've got I've got it loaded up
Dan are they able to hear if I if I do
stuff why why don't I do a couple pings
you can make sure my audio is working
yep I can see that coming through it's
here folks I'm just going to play it for
you we're going to watch it together and
we're going to talk about how it came to
be can we hear it that's the question uh
I mean Luke and I have listened to it
but okay sure whatever hopefully we can
but yeah yeah it' be nice I'll see what
I can do okay I don't hear it now
all right lus
lap that's what the button says
okay1 it's a fully modular ATS power
supply with a single fan mode the power
supply comes in reasonable packaging and
measures 150x 86x 140 mm considering
cable flexibility it has an effective
depth of 175 mm the Corsair RM 750e is
accompanied by the accessories as shown
and supported by a 7-year warranty this
warranty period is as expected for a
power supply of this class the fully
modular cables are of acceptable quality
they have plastic insulation and are
moderately flexible the provided cable
set includes a single 12volt high power
cable allowing it to power all types of
high wattage gpus LT Labs conducted all
of the following testing at an ambient
temperature of 20 CSUS the full test
Suite including tests at extended
temperature ranges is available on the
lab's website Link in the description
but before we get to the results here's
a message from our sponsor the Corsair
RM 750e carries an 80 plus gold rating
and we measured 90% efficiency at 50% of
its maximum rated load that's equivalent
to power supplies in a similar class
throughout the full rated output power
range of 750 watts there was a 0.162
volts drop on the 12vt rail which is
within ATX specifications and similar to
most other power supplies we've tested
the the rest of the output rails met ATX
specifications this stability should
provide a steady platform for the
operation of other components in the
computer the peak-to peak signal Ripple
of the fully loaded Power Supplies 12vt
rail was average for its price and
wattage at 31 molts the 5vt and 3.3 volt
rails had signal Ripple of 17 molts and
21 molts respectively modern power
supplies typically have no issue
complying with ATX Ripple stacks and
this unit is no different we test a
Power Supply's resilience to momentary
power dropouts and ripples using our
brownout test that interrupts the input
power for a few Mill seconds this allows
us to measure how long of a power
Dropout the sample can sustain without
interrupting the output power the
Corsair RM 750e was measured to
withstand 13 milliseconds and 14
milliseconds Dropout at full rated load
for5 volt and 230 volt inputs
respectively this unit performs
similarly to other power supplies the
Excursion test momentarily applies up to
200% of the rated load to test a Power
Supply's ability to support components
that may temporarily require more than
their rated current the Corsair RM 750e
withstood a subset of the excursions but
failed with others it's compatible with
most systems but may struggle with
high-end Hardware connected the Corsair
RM 750e is equipped with the protections
as listed providing the full Suite of
protections for you and your equ
equipment we measured the overpower
protection to engage at a maximum of
131% of rated load while the 12vt rail
alone is capable of 81 amps 130% of its
rating this is equivalent to similarly
rated power supplies offering good
protection against component faults
while also allowing the power draw to
slightly exceed the official rating we
can recommend the Corsair RM 750e
because of its good load and line
regulation and resilience to cross loads
for full specifications and test results
follow the link to the product page on
the LT Labs website all right so let's
talk about it I I jotted down some notes
from chat while we were going yes um so
a couple of these I think I can just
answer immediately a couple of these
maybe become discussion uh one of them
is voice too slow in that case in my
opinion just adjust the video playback
speed you know it's funny because I
actually saw some comments saying that
it was too fast on float plane adjust a
video play back speed yeah like are not
too fast someone said that normally they
watch at one and a half speed and they
had to slow this one down to to 1x
interesting so it's going to depend on
your familiarity with the subject
material I think I suspect people are
saying like the voice Cadence is off and
stuff that'll improve over time um
considering where we started it's way
better the first time we previewed this
was probably about 3 or 4 months ago
something like that
man this is a big Improvement so it will
cons L improve some some comments that I
saw were like It's not taking uh like
breaks to breathe mhm I mean it doesn't
breathe so that makes sense I heard a
breath though I heard it take a breath
did you really it's imitating yeah you
hear a little it doesn't like pause like
there's the sentence pauses are not it
doesn't run out of air yeah I noticed
that as well yeah um so like stuff like
that will be improved over time um
someone said I'd stop watching that's
completely fine um one of the reasons
why people have been asking why we chose
AI voice for this um because these
aren't going to make like any money at
all um and there's like well it's not
just that these are not going to get any
views which is why that's going to be a
thing which is why they're not going to
drive any revenue and I suspect watch
time isn't necessarily going to be
amazing stuff like that there's there's
comments like I'd stop watching not
enough emotion stuff like that fine it's
not supposed to be hyped up really
exciting interesting content to watch
it's supposed to be like I am interested
in purchasing this product I would like
a very on the point information heavy
cookie cutter video third party
validated give me the information and
then if you're interested in diving into
more CU you saw one part that you found
as interesting then you can jump to the
lab's website and get more info there
it's not it's I don't suspect unless
you're like I really freaking love power
supplies dude um I don't expect you're
going to watch every video on this
channel I suspect the subscriber
conversion for a channel like this is
not going to be super high but if this
was back in the day and I was building
computers this is the exact type of
stuff I would have tried to find because
this is why I would look at content on
YouTube was because I wanted to see
video of the thing out of the box that
was like 100% what I was looking for I
didn't care about the unboxing
experience I wanted to see the thing
after it was out of the box and to
verify some assumptions I was making and
there's going to be people that are
going to watch a lot of videos on the
channel but they're not going to
subscribe for entertainment unless maybe
they work in the industry like if I if
my if my job was procurement at a system
integrator and I was just like totally
oh well this is convenient if these guys
are just going to test every power
supply and I can just get a notification
on my phone so I can make sure that I'm
keeping up with with what's good because
it's like my job absolutely I could see
someone subscribing but for the average
Builder who's putting together a system
for you know their roommate this quarter
and you know doing something for their
sister 6 months later you're going to
subscribe to it but it's very likely
you'll watch one of them or you'll or
you know what like we haven't given much
thought to playlists I guess I just it
just popped into my head maybe maybe
Bell Jake bellance is is the channel
manager for this but yeah um I don't
think we've given a ton of thought to
that yet but uh you know something that
would be cool is if we had playlists
that are like at various wattage ranges
or playlists that are at various price
points price points will be tough cuz
they're going to change so unless we had
a way
to unless there's a way to like hook
into YouTube's API and and manage your
playlists automatically or something
like that based on you know pulling
real-time pricing information or
something I don't think we'll be able to
do by price but if we could do it by
wattage range for example then that
would be a really cool way to go through
the channel and basically go okay out of
500 wat power supplies okay I want to
learn about some of these of course I
understand and this is this is a comment
that I saw uh I guess it was over on
over on float plane or someone was like
this doesn't see or maybe it's on maybe
it's on Twitter um this doesn't seem to
add a lot compared to reading an
article you are right the correct format
for a power supply one pager is a page
yeah not a video but what we have to
recognize is the realities that exist in
the techos spere in the medi spere that
have made it so that this abomination is
now how you will find out about the the
testing data of a power supply viewer
habits have changed to video the money
that used to be in written
media is a fund is functionally gone
compared to how it was in the in the you
know early to mid to even late will not
read something people will not read
something and even if they did that site
that writes that thing that no one's
reading would have an an an
extremely difficult time surviving so
the equipment that's involved in this
and the Personnel that's involved in
this um is is so expensive I just don't
see a path where you could do this
testing in a written format unless
unless it was you know like to my point
earlier about being very interesting to
people who are in the industry unless it
was like a paid subscription or
something like that but that's not where
we want to go at least with the basics
of is this thing okay to buy what kind
of computer can it power what kind of do
its safety protections actually work
like that's not something that we want
to pay well um I do think that there
could be more detailed testing data that
might only really be useful to you know
people who are going okay can we
procure uh you know thousands of these
for our systems for next quarter or
something like that and okay an example
of that I have an extremely particular
type of load that I need to put on this
sure um in the long term you know I
could see us scaling up the number of
those chroma testing units that we have
and we could go okay yeah I mean or or
even do like paid testing yeah we'll
we'll we'll test 10 instead of just one
we'll test 10 we'll run your Suite on it
whatever yeah or whatever the case may
be so in in the in the long term there's
all kinds of different directions that
we can go with it but the reality is if
we want this content to exist we've got
to go where the reader is and the reader
is now watching in video form um so
and how many people that's a big
question mark right is one of the
answers we were trying to find when we
were uh working on the concept for this
channel because this channel exists
because we want to make it we want this
information to be available um but one
of the things that we had to figure out
is okay how do we make this
self-sufficient it's not the question
wasn't even how do we make money the
question was how do we make this make
any sense um because don't kid yourself
this is a creative company we media
organization if you don't think that
there were some misgivings internally
around AI voice for example oh yeah come
on guys there were absolutely misgivings
but the way that we're looking at it and
the way that we've messaged it
internally is look this is not replacing
human intervention a human developed
this test suite and a human needs to
test this power supply by the time we do
that I'm sorry but there isn't for the
for the two to 4,000 views we're going
to get on this video there just isn't
any budget for the the media side of
things and in the long term I want that
to change I would love for that to
change I would love for every look I
would love in the longer term for us to
be able to count on 100,000 or 200,000
views per video and for us to go okay
let's scale it up like why are why are
we doing this all Cookie Cutter now you
now that we've got this kind of momentum
um but I don't know if it'll ever get
there performing like that sure I just I
don't see it happening personally well
maybe I I I see it happening in spikes
like I I suspect if some like Flagship
GPU comes out and we have a GPU
equivalent of power supply circuit so
I'm making multiple assumptions here um
it could be a banger but I think the
day-to-day releases of that channel are
not going to be able to and you might be
right and we see I I'd be happy to be
wrong but like one of the one of the
kind of tough conversations that I had
to have with someone who um to their
credit approached me about it sure
approached me with the concerns right
like that's what we want so they
approached me with the concerns and they
basically went look I I have serious I
have serious ethical concerns I have
serious creative concerns um I I don't
understand who this is for um help
explain it to me I basically went okay
here's the situation we went and we
looked
at the very few channels that are left
that are even trying to do dedicated
videos on power on on an individual
power supply skew um we are expecting at
the very best at the very very possible
best somewhere in the neighborhood of
like 5 to 10,000 views on average for
each of these videos that puts our
budget somewhere in the neighborhood of
$10 to $25
what would you have me do I want people
to have this
information I need to get it to them in
video form my options are either that I
Outsource to some place where I can pay
like slave labor wages which we have
never done and I have never been
comfortable with or we pay proper wages
to the testers to the people who are
working on creating this data we try to
find a way to scale that from you know
10 to 25 bucks to maybe we can scrape
together some affiliate
Revenue um to make sure that this is
sustainable in that form and we lean on
automated tools as much as we have to to
make this even remotely have a
chance and they kind of went well I hope
the voice can be better and at least it
is at least it's better than it was it's
a lot better in my opinion and and I I
do like I said earlier suspect there
will be continual Improvement there I
just
I one thing that I disliked a lot was
when it was your voice when it was a
modification of your voice that was that
was odd for me I didn't like that so the
funny thing is one of the reasons that
we had actually leaned that way
initially was that there seemed to be
less Community backlash to cloning my
voice versus cloning a random one
because I don't know why but it seems
like the perception was less that we
replaced a voice actor with an AI and
the perception was more
we
are we are applying a an efficiency
factor to Linus's Time by saving him the
trouble of reading the lines and the the
distinction is arbitrary yeah what but
but but that voice sounding like me made
it an extension of me instead of this
whole this whole landscape is is weird
to nav right now I know right it's it's
because we're all figuring out kind of
how we feel about these things and where
the lines are and stuff um and while
that's still happening it's just it's
it's a little tricky but I think this is
okay and I like the idea of if the
channel does start performing well we
could you know get talent for it or
whatever that's that's interesting I do
suspect the quoted number of views that
you just said I think some of the videos
on these channels are going to do a lot
worse than that oh yeah and I think some
of the videos on these channels will
smash that out of the park I think so
too I think um and yeah it's gonna be
very up and down I think very
inconsistent here's something that I bet
you guys didn't necessarily realize is
the AI voice is not the only automation
tool that's being used for these
videos I don't think I knew
that a human editor only watches the
output of the video
Yeah whoa yeah so so the reason the
script is a little bit formulaic
sounding is because it's actually
yeah you're doing the same shots so are
are you are you naming the files in a
certain way is that how it's doing it so
all the shots will be the same all the
graphics will be the same with the same
names is um the exact details of how
it's done are going to be Ed's
department not mine right um but then
the the the the little the little color
commentary because that was something we
realized about the first one that needed
to be fixed it had no cont text it was
just like the however Point whatever
Millow ripples like it didn't it didn't
sound like anything if you don't already
understand it right and so I was like
okay look guys we have to come up with a
way to create a script that allows for
some color commentary or we are going to
completely lose any chance we could
possibly have of people watching this
thing and learning anything so when it
says this is as expected for power
supplies of this class
there's basically variables there's
almost like a drop down box this is
worse than expected this is better than
expected this is as expected so when it
did like the cables are of acceptable
bendiness or whatever the cables are of
exceptional bendiness the cables are of
subpar bendiness compared to our
expectations and now a human is involved
in in bending those cables and seeing
okay yeah we know the depth of the power
supply but like really what can you fit
it because that was something that I
asked to be added because the depth of a
power supply doesn't tell you what case
it can fit in you need to know once
accounting for cable bendiness how deep
it is right um so that was something
that that's something that a human needs
to do this is not AI content This is
highly human created content that is
edited together and
voiced by automation tools
it's something that I have no idea if
it's going to work but boy do I ever
hope so given how much we've invested in
it because I don't think the lab's
website on its own is going to have a
chance of of reaching any kind of break
even point no it's got to be something
that can be funded by the other branches
of our company and that um and and that
will allow us to reinvest in it and
continue to build we have some ideas to
help it uh but it will always kind of
struggle a bit
y exciting right well I'm excited
oh right we're supposed to do merch
message I'm excited to tell you guys
about those uh do we have any Store
updates that we're supposed to talk
about I haven't looked at that part of
the oh oh yes we have a huge promotion
that we are running right now on the LT
screwdriver this applies to any
screwdriver that's right classic colors
retro noctua or stubby if you buy any
LTT screwdriver by uh oh really by
midnight today wow that's a really short
draw okay you'll be entered into a draw
to win either a giant LT screwdriver
check that
out that's from that stream we did
earlier this week or a $2,200 gaming PC
as seen on our PC Building stream this
last Wednesday for the full details and
legal info you got to go to LT store.com
productss
screwdriver so cool right anyway uh one
of the things that you can do if you
decide to order a screwdriver right now
is you can leave a merch message in the
shopping cart we don't want to just take
your money just you throw your money at
your screen and then what we like
acknowledge your comment no no no no no
you should leave a merch message so you
can throw money at your screen and get
great quality merchandise in the mail in
the cart you'll see a little box
whenever we're live to leave a merch
message it will go to producer Dan who
will pop it up on the bottom down there
like that reply to it forward it
internally to someone who can best get
you an answer or oh sorry Dad curate it
sorry Dan uh sorry my bad the button's
broken yeah for sure or he will curate
it for me and Luke to address on the
show Dan do you want to hit us with a
merch message to show the folks how it
works sure absolutely yeah we've got a
few here let's see uh would you make an
apple leather
jacket
no so oh God please make a medium tall I
need to replace my leather jacket so bad
so
please have tall shirts yet Dan we're
losing this war I don't care I will have
them Custom Custom Tailor me
one you know how we did that mock neck
yeah that we called the Steve where it
had the seam down the middle just like
his
iconic
okay so I had oh no I the
Jensen the Steve Apple I had planned so
Matthew from Creator Warehouse his AMD
ultimate Tech upgrade is coming up okay
and I don't know if it's going to make
it into the cut because it's sponsored
by am
so who knows what the it might not make
it through our own internal business
team you know whatever and it's not like
it's it's not like it matters in terms
of our editorial Integrity if we can
talk about a future product or whatever
so it's not the kind of thing that's not
the kind of Hill we're going to die on
so it might not make it through our
internal team it might not make it
through AMD but one of the things that
happened in that
video is Matthew and I decided to tease
a potential upcoming product called the
Jensen the Jensen cuz we've wanted to do
a leather jacket for a while I don't
know what kind of leather we'd use we
actually haven't gotten that far but one
of the things we have decided is that
the jacket will be designed by
AI because of course it would
oh he's already got some really great
Concepts so obviously because you know
we have designers um we would make it
actually function in the real world but
it would have like Pockets that don't
open zippers that don't go anywhere at
least it doesn't have to do hands you
know AI things the AI the AI jacket the
Jensen huh H Dan Dan huh I think if it's
in a medium tall I will buy two right I
think
W 2 in flow plane chat uh has summarized
my thoughts so far of that's going to be
a really expensive
joke how many do you think you're going
to sell you're going to sell two today
going be expens he's going to use his
employee thing so you'll I'll pay out of
pocket I don't care dude I okay so
you're selling two to Dan I guarantee
you I guarantee you okay guys come on
let's hear from you who wants one Dan I
need I think we need to get a poll in
here uh yeah right away yep uh Firefox
let's get that pull and besides and
besides if it doesn't sell in the in the
in the D googley your life video one of
the one of the top comments was like
along with all the float plane users I
am 70% of people that use Firefox or
something like that I don't remember the
exact sign and I I burst out laughing I
was like oh but think about it this way
Luke even if we don't sell any of them
infinite money glitch we just write them
off all right we'll get that going you
mad are you mad bro I'm voting no
brother are you angry I do need to
replace this jacket though why oh I'm so
excited I I can't find a leather tailor
to actually work on it looking I'm
trying to find an artist Collective
around here that could recommend an
artisan but it's very very difficult I
know a person who works with leather
goods who lives on Vancouver Island
because he came to uh LTX oh yeah you're
not talking about that person are
you is someone I know no oh okay never
mind um I can't find any company that
makes them
anymore so yeah all right well bummer
for Dan yeah sucks yeah maybe we'll get
him a Jensen
okay where's our where's our do you want
pockets that don't open and zippers that
are to nothing do you want that is that
a good is that does that do that dude
clothes more interesting clothes are
supposed to be self-expression artistic
self-
expression I got to remember this the
person who has one brand of socks and
one I've been wearing one jacket for 10
years t-shirt 10 years I've been wearing
this jacket in this I haven't even
changed my shoes in a decade in this
case the use just multiple pairs of the
same one to be clear the use of AI
actually makes sense it's It's So Meta
like it's an it could be an ironic
expression of like hating
AI it needs a little pocket where's the
ding it needs a just yeah exact that's
what I'm talking about that's the first
time I've had to do that for Luke heed
disgusting he needs to have a pocket on
the on the like uh chest for your Humane
pin oh
yeah but it should be like the wrong
size because has no concept of scale all
the product failure Pockets you have
like the that may you have like a slot
for the rabbit we'll make it out of
rabbit leather oh
oo
45,000 jacket that's a lot of rabbits
mood murdered yeah um they just be
Android anyway sorry uh we were we
supposed to be on a topic right now
because I actually wanted to come back
to PSU circuit a little bit that was the
second merch message that was one merch
message that was one okay hit me again
and I'm just going to leave this page
open so I don't forget to talk about
okay yeah sure uh same sort of thing
curious about the amount of stolen items
found during Tech upgrade videos were
the items actually considered stolen or
is this just a joke about the amount of
stuff employees take back with them both
a little bit of both I think yes both is
good um
okay sorry I was eating jerky um okay so
part of it
is that I
was a little bit legitimately annoyed in
some of the very early ones to find work
property in people's homes nothing that
mattered um in the grand scheme of
things what were some of those things
like what like cables MH like a like a a
cheap USB dock that realistically we
didn't pay for and and probably they
intended to return at some point because
remember we started this series when
work from home was a lot more common at
our company because of all the covid
lockdowns and stuff right so people had
a lot of stuff at home that they were
probably going to return it but it
wasn't assed like asset tagged inventory
so nothing would have prevented them
from just keeping it and so it was this
kind of gray area area where it kind of
started with me being like hey come on
man and then obviously I ended up with a
lot of false positives because
legitimately people do end up with a lot
of stuff that used to belong to the
company you know we got LTT store well
we also have the lmg store which is
where people can sometimes get access to
you know a unit that came in for b-roll
for a sponsor and ended up cosmetic
damage and they were like well we don't
want it back and it goes in the it goes
in the giveaway pile we have a giveaway
pile um we also have wild Christmas
parties not in like a like a tech bro
Silicon Valley games industry kind of
way in like a wow I can't believe the
giveaways um that they're giving that
they have at this uh you know two drink
maximum otherwise pretty you know
controlled party um so so people end up
with stuff from the Christmas party uh
people end up with we have done on
occasion in the past um the Christmas
party is a lot of stuff it's hundreds of
things every year we have done on
occasion in the past um like extra
credit things that people can do for
what we call lmg bucks I don't think
we've done that in a long time but in
the early days I've never even heard of
that yeah no we we would have stuff
that's like ah this power supply has a
broken fan in it lonus could open it and
put a new fan in or if you wanted to
just like take it home with you and put
a new fan in it then you can have 50 lmg
bucks or something like that and if you
if you buy must been when I was off
float planing I've never heard of this
almost almost no one used it but this is
just an example of one of the ways that
people could have obtained stuff over
the years um I used to just get paid in
Hardware that I mean no yeah not by me
yes well topped up you were above the
legal limit otherwise yes yes yes yes
you can't say stuff like that Luke you
got people are going to
you know how people are it was fun
anyway so lmg bucks uh for stuff that's
in our inventory that's like used we
don't if people want to like buy it and
we don't need it we don't charge full
price for it so people can use lmg bucks
to stretch a dollar pretty far so people
people use lmg bucks um a lot so people
have stuff that they've bought from work
stuff that they have won from work stuff
that they've taken home from work for
legitimate purposes and in the case of
Dennis stuff that they've just
taken um because I don't know he thinks
he has tenure or something I'm not sure
how that works in his head so it is a it
is a combination of things and like
anything it's been amusing for me to see
the community speculation around it
because the number of people that are
outraged either way is baffling uh the
people that are that are outraged that I
am that I am such a that I'm such a I
don't know overbearing horrible boss
that I'm going to be berating someone in
public over this cable that they took um
is probably about equal to the number of
people that hate me for being such a
such a disorganized corporate Overlord
that I can't even Inspire my team in
this horrible toxic work environment to
not be stealing anything that isn't
bolted down like it's it's amazing how
you can just take a aing joke that's
just a meme and interpret it as
I've always I've always wondered like if
we do one at my
place what stuff like what stuff will
not be
stolen I cuz it's a lot of it like I
don't even
know like I I don't know well that's
what asset tags are for yeah but
sometimes there's asset tags on stuff
that was given away H really yeah oh
really yeah okay well we'll see uh I
might remember and then I think I have
like three generations you know
personally select the items for the
giveaway every year right yeah yeah so I
know but there's there's three
generations of computers in my place
that are from my like weird upgrade
thing that I have mhm mhm well I guess
we'll see I like found some graphics
cards at my dad's place and I recognized
them as work property yeah yeah so I
think we'll figure it out but I didn't
even know but I did so like it's yeah it
might be interesting guilty oh yeah I've
taken stuff home
I don't anymore but like I don't know
the line used to be a lot more blurry
when there was like three of us um it
used to be as simple as like hey my GPU
died um I want a game this weekend and I
like don't want to go to the store yeah
can I borrow a GPU and it'd be like yeah
don't take one of the ones we need for
this review on Tuesday yeah I need these
ones and it's like okay I'll grab some
other ones yeah it used to be pretty
lucyy it was pretty fluid but that was
that was a really so the stuff that I
have is going to be like ancient I say
these days the vast majority of what I'm
meing on on camera I am meing on
yeah it's it's mostly the yeah it's
mostly going to be the really old
stuff this is why Luke hasn't gotten an
upgrade yet says Belle in the chat yeah
I love it every day is set
upad every day I'm
upgrading sorry um right so I had wanted
to come back to the lab's website for a
second here oh because we also have the
written version that video which I
didn't mention before so you know that's
pretty
cool so it's it's just like we want to
make it so that this work that we're
doing is digestible easily by as many
people as possible so we have the
written version which is as deep as it's
going to get basically and then there's
also the video version for people that
don't like reading stuff yep depending
on uh you know what part of the world
you live in you might be more interested
in 115 volt versus uh 230 volt
power Excursion productivity might also
be easier for you to just like Google
translate the lab's website read it that
way yeah exactly uh so we got that there
and then this is really cool they also
did and this is co-authored by Oni um
our test technician and Lucas who is our
power supply uh wizard um that is to
help you power up your knowledge and
it's basically a how to how to watch how
to read cool right where they go through
our graphing formats kind of explain uh
why we've laid them out the way that we
have how to interpret them uh what
matters what doesn't uh this oh man this
was this was an entire probably half an
hour to 45 minutes of a meeting this
this graph and uh breaking the sine wave
and the interruption during the brown
out off onto this separate graph um and
I I got to make one of my best jokes
ever in a meeting that I think I already
alluded to on W show before so I won't
make the rest of you suffer yeah I
thought that was wrong hold on one
second I think I think you slipped uh
On's title is senior content writer not
technician oh sorry sorry sorry writer
writer writer y thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you sorry
sorry sorry sorry um he was just
focusing on the next thing he was going
to say
it's sorry on yeah enjoy your GPU that
you got consolation prize
something she was in a video
oh yeah she was right oh yeah yeah yeah
no I saw that I saw um pretty sick
constellation yeah I know right um anywh
who so yeah there was a there was a lot
of debate about this graph um and like
you know how to make it more readable so
yeah we gave a lot of thought to it and
if you guys want to know what the
thinking was and how to interpret it
this is a really great primer on how to
understand if a power supply is any
good very exciting okay what do you want
to talk about
next uh we're off merch messages right
we're doing other topics I want to talk
about that's what the paper says yeah
yeah yeah I want to talk about I just
read what's on the prompter [__] you San
Diego the arm Windows Revolution might
come packed with a privacy nightmare oh
I know right okay all right do the thing
this was this was the topic that hit me
this week I I dove into this a little
bit but I'm going to read these notes
first and then I'll tangent into
whatever I'm thinking of uh this week
Microsoft officially unveiled its new
lineup of laptops featuring qualcomm's
12 core Snapdragon X Elite and 10 core
Snapdragon X plus chips all of which are
based on arm that's like the big drop
here these laptops reportedly have a
battery life of 17 to 20 hours and
several apparently outperform an M3
MacBook Air ac Asus Dell HP in Inspiron
I thought it was HP
Inspiron is Inspiron a different brand
uh Inspiron is a Dell brand so I don't
know don't worry about it Samsung and
Lenovo have likewise announced new snapd
drag powered lap snap drag Snapdragon
powered laptops um laptop lineups as
well these laptops will launch with
Native arm versions of Adobe Photoshop
Lightroom Firefly and
express it's an interesting setup to not
have Premiere but it does say with
premere and illustrator coming later in
the summer Microsoft is no longer
calling these AIP PCS in instead calling
them co-pilot plus
PCS which really makes me think of uh G
Plus Linux but anyways um the the
company is heavily emphasizing their AI
capabilities including uncontroversial
features like AI upscaling but all it's
not completely uncontroversial but sure
um but also a recall feature this is the
one that stood out to me uh that has
raised some concerns among uh I almost
said piracy among privacy advoc
recall gives co-pilot a kind of literal
photographic memory by taking an
automatic screenshot every 3 seconds
this would store around three months of
a user's recent activity by default
according to Microsoft the feature can
be turned on or off and these snapshots
which the vast majority of Windows users
will never turn it off because the vast
majority of Windows users never go into
settings and change anything so keep
that in mind uh so you might most people
won't um these snapshots are encrypted
and stored locally and may be deleted at
any time further users can create black
lists that prevent recall from taking
screenshots when certain apps or
websites are open likewise these images
are tied to specific user profiles on
the device critics however have
expressed concern that the feature could
still wind up capturing sensitive
information because of course it could
which might be abused by someone with
access to the device especially if a
person unknowingly borrows a device or
uses a public device with this feature
enabled the UK's information
commissioner's office has announced that
it will be making inquiries into
potential security issues posed by the
feature I mean this is one of those
topics where we read the thing and then
I think we basically go that's bad
yeah yeah yeah yeah uh Elijah in chat
who I don't like acknowledging because
he's supposed to be working but it's
after hours so I guess it's fine Elijah
says for his AMD ultimate Tech upgrade
which by the way is coming
oh he's going to switch to
Linux over this
feature and you know what oh B I would
even blame him based even though you can
turn it off it's like yeah you can turn
it off now and then windows will update
and it'll turn it back on and it won't
tell you and we've seen it time and time
and time and time again and you know
what I I think with man with the with
the way that things are developing right
now man that's so based on game
compatibility on Linux um my
understanding and I haven't talked to
Emily about this much but I have a
little bit because she's been pushing me
to do another Ste OS gaming check-in or
not Steam OS uh gaming on Linux check-in
cuz it's been a little while and I kept
saying look I want to do it when Ste OS
gets released broadly and she's all like
yeah but like is that ever going to
happen I I've been like yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah and now I'm not I don't know
who knows it's a good question yeah it's
a good question so anyway we're going to
do it um but from from that conversation
she was basically saying yeah in Nvidia
driver support is looking like it's like
going to get a lot better like like soon
like like they care um dude like is
Linux going to be the gaming operating
system
wait and windows becomes the like or
like is Linux going to be the like the
x86 gaming operating system and is
Windows I mean looking how hard
Microsoft is pushing are they going to
become like the arm the the the arm
productivity you know operating system
the mobile like laptop only operating
system computers and here's what's
really confusing to me about this is why
is Microsoft so focused on beating the
MacBook oh dude is Apple's market share
even this you opens with him talking
about the first line mentions Apple
directly it's weird but here's the
thing this is Apple's market share
according to statista
16% yeah so like what's the what are you
doing so [__]
what it's like it's like Intel at the
the prime of their market share which
was not that long ago but inel at the at
the height the prime of their market
share opening a new feature talk by
naming AMD why like what are you doing
you already dominate it's weird I don't
know man and I
like
yeah like dude oh apparently this is
this is in the United States too so
that's going to be way higher than it is
worldwide yeah 100% And I get their
their their competition or whatever else
but at the end of the day you're you're
kind of you're kind of chasing
this this minority um this minority
shareholder or not shareholder but a
holder of market
share I I don't know and and you know
what look it's capitalism baby you got
to grow and taking some of Apple like
taking taking 10% like this is the thing
if if they can take 10% of the sales
that would have been a Macbook okay they
grow their market share in the US by
1.6% and I get it you got to you got to
show growth but like do you even do you
even think that this is the solution to
that cuz I don't know I think the
solution to that is is making really
good AI stuff that works better on arm
processors convincing people to upgrade
because people have we know that from
the co era people bought a bunch of
stuff and they don't need to upgrade it
cuz there's no point here comes a hot T
make that are worth upgrading your
hardware for you know what I think is
happening right now I think that
Microsoft is contributing to a
significant Improvement in Qualcomm mind
share among computer buyers that is
ultimately going to be exploited by
Google you ready for this you're falling
back on your your Chromebook thing
Chromebooks if you wanted a machine
where battery life was of the utmost
importance are you going to be running
Windows anyway
no Chrome OS
supports Linux applications now Chrome
OS supports steam gaming on Linux is
getting better all of these things are
happening right now so is Emily saying
that there has been cuz I haven't looked
so I'm not this is not this is not me
countering to be super super clear
before because you know the Linux people
can get a little Defan sometimes I'm not
I'm not I'm not relax is Emily saying
that there's been significant steps
since we did our challenge
yeah because I would I would love to
switch
would love to switch it just wasn't
quite
there if it's there I'm
gone cuz honestly I don't mind windows
at all I actually kind of like Windows
11 in a lot of different ways and I know
people hate Windows 11 I don't care I
enjoy it the things that I don't like
are this snapshot thing them when you
update Windows them overriding some of
your settings and changing things
forcing ads into my operating system go
away and then making search just the
worst thing in the world those things
are the only things I actually dislike a
lot of what Windows done Windows search
is the worst thing in the world all
right maybe exaggerate a little bit but
the the ads is too far this snapshot
thing which you know it's going to turn
itself back on is too far uh and the
search being trash and constantly
searching the internet when I want it to
search local and it even when you tell
it to only search local now it just
can't find things yeah which is
crazy there's no reason for that so like
I yeah I'd love to bail out I really
like mint actually I like using mint my
biggest problem is constantly jumping
back and forth for applications mostly
games some applications is just really
annoying I want an operating system that
can do my
stuff I'm excited I uh I I think I think
the the age of the Chromebook is Dawning
you're excited about Chromebook well
it's
Linux it's kind of cut down [__] Linux
so so think by Chromebook taking over
Linux will become stronger because of
more contribution look at the trajectory
of chromeos Chrome OS started super
super locked down basically only ran
Chrome it started out with all the
devices having completely locked down
firmware so you couldn't even install a
different operating system if you wanted
to now you can run Android apps on it
you can run Linux apps on it I believe
some of them have um some of
um allow alternate operating system
installs uh by default don't quote me on
that last one we did a video on this
recently so I'm I'm it's kind of in my
brain but has fallen out a little bit
um I think that if Google is
smart this is their opportunity kids
grow up using chrom
OS millions and millions and millions of
kids grow up using chromos and so all
chromos has to do is keep getting a
little more functional now Google is
also a tech giant like Microsoft and is
absolutely capable of succumbing to the
same hubris as Microsoft and just
screwing up chromos and making it so bad
that we couldn't possibly switch to it
but no I absolutely do believe that
Linux is the beneficiary of chromos
gaining more popularity and chrom Os
stands to be a beneficiary of Linux
gaining better support and gaining
better access to Applications people
want to run yeah 100% one thing that's
interesting is is as based as as
Elijah's move is and as much as if if
significant improvements have been made
I I would yet again be happy to consider
it at
least I don't think most gamers are
going to care what about
productivity I think workplaces are
going to stay on Windows for the
foreseeable future that's my problem
yeah
like we can't want we can't run wow on
Linux unfortunately yeah yeah there's it
doesn't work okay so that's an
interesting one handyman uh in flo plane
chat linked me something that is pretty
cool which is uh works on
w.com and then in this particular
instance SL games going to go to my
laptop you can search the games that are
that will work on Windows 100 Asian cats
I have no idea some game okay no know
the analog yeah that's fun yeah I like
that so like some of
these you've seen the amount of games on
Steam right there's going to be some
weird names I I'm not I'm not talking
about the the there's seven ways to die
I don't
know that's a
game I haven't heard of a lot of these
but it is what it is but yeah there's
there's already sites popping up like
this what's what's the homepage what
else is on here oh just games cool um
can you can you sort by like category
popular like games you've heard of is
that a thing or
okay looks pretty Bare Bones for now but
um yeah in the long term maybe it's
still be oh well there's there's 1348
results I'm expecting they're not all
tagged properly that makes sense um so
the the category stuff is probably not
working great but interesting site you
could what what do you want to search
for how about
that um let's go
with dark souls
cool H close it got ring I mean it's
better than Windows search it's just
extremely fuzzy fuzzy
search it's comfy blanket search um yeah
I don't know that's that's neat but it's
coming along I I
just I don't like this
I care I appreciate that it's stored
locally yeah but some of the stuff
stored locally does not mean secure
encrypted does not mean secure nothing
is impenetrable nothing is fully secure
do you hear the argument for why we
should be okay with
it because this is all just coming
anyway and we should just kind of deal
with it everyone's going to have an
equivalent thing like man we're talking
about them having capabilities like I
forgot my my password for my for my
mobile operators you know online portal
what is it um Cortana
yeah you can't be you can't you can't be
storing that stuff yeah it's sketch yeah
this interview on Bloomberg television
um I I think this is the interview at
least at some point in time the
interviewer asks Sach Nadella is this it
yeah I think so I'm not 100 certain this
is the right one but I think it is um at
some point in time in the video uh she
asks him like this is kind of creepy
basically and he responds with
effectively what lonus just said which
is like I don't know AI stuff is going
to be like this so get used to it not
obviously not exactly that very PR spe
he word smithed it quite a bit better
than that yes but that's basically I'm
not nominating you for new CEO of
Microsoft although they might go in a
good direction with you at the helm I
don't know if they'd make money though H
probably not yeah yeah
um oh uh question sync plane asks hey
can you ask Dan again what doesn't work
on Linux for w show yeah I'm very
curious about that oh that's uh that
v-mix yeah that's basically just v-mix
yeah um it uses too much of the windows
libraries for especially because almost
all of it is GPU um it's very very
stable because it's a pretty much 100%
GPU computer someone's this is this is
one of the problems that we run into and
now I'm going to piss all the Linux
people off um
so there's a couple things we start
talking about how we could we could
maybe adopt Linux again and float plane
chat erupts with you should use this
drro with this thing and
this that's that's scary for new users
and then the other one
is tell me the software that didn't work
because they know some way to magically
get it to function in some way somehow
yeah I'm running it on metal I'm not
going to emulate an operating system
underneath it yeah yeah there always
upates and it stops working and then we
want to go live on Wow but it doesn't
work so you have to Tinker with Linux to
make it function it's like it needs to
be or we could just spend $100 on a
Windows license yeah this is Windows 11
that has v-x installed on it and chrome
this that is all that is on this
computer this is why business I don't
really see them moving um and and at
home as well like there's always that
one program that I need to be using that
doesn't exist you had a rough day at
work driving home three different people
cut cut you off someone scraped the side
of your car you're upset you go get some
coffee and you spill it and you finally
get home you just want to play video
games and you sit on your computer and
they won't work for some
reason and it happened a lot
guys I think if you're being honest with
yourselves you it doesn't bother you
because you enjoy the tinkering there is
tinkering which is great which is fine
fantastic I have lots of things that I
do the hard way because I enjoy it I
don't have to paint my own motorcycle
believe it or not I'm doing it I have
pictures I was going to say speaking
which I put I put white on it nice um
primer nope no it's primed gray um but
the frame needs to be painted white
because the pink that's going to go over
top of it um doesn't shine through as
brightly uh if it just goes on Gray
primer I apparently don't have pictures
of it so forget that how much longer do
you think
the paint shop keeps telling me today
bro don't tell me today like tell me
tomorrow give yourself some wiggle room
for
for seven or eight business days they've
been telling me I'll have it for you
today is it today or is it I don't know
it doesn't matter sometimes sometimes
you have the best intentions and I I'm
just I'm waiting on the mid coat and the
effect coat and then I can do the whole
thing like I'm I'm ready to
paint that's exciting yeah I'm really
excited
someone said yeah it's also perfectly
okay to only partially move to something
if if it doesn't work I hear that but
then like I said earlier in the show
like I don't want to be switching
between operating systems all the time
why are we training up our level one
technicians on two operating systems
yeah no no man we got grub on the
computers now and like oh you make a
mistake and now now you won't boot and
I've dealt with that before I used to I
used to Triple boot between OSX uh
windows and Linux on one machine uh back
when you could do the Hackintosh
stuff yeah well I work for you obviously
that's why we hired you yeah it sucks I
just want to go home and and not do work
basically there's there's some
significant bumps to get over still I'm
sure those are I mean I haven't touched
in a long time I'm sure those are still
problems um but you know the more bumps
Microsoft puts in front of
Windows eventually those roads might
start looking pretty similar and when
they do I think Linux starts to
win so
yeah time to do
sponsors
yeah all right sorry I'm just going to
have to get this sponsor out of my mouth
I actually don't think they sponsored
the show today but um the show is
brought to you by Ridge Father's Day is
right around the corner and we know that
it can be hard to find a gift that you
know your dad
love um yeah don't try a broken glass I
mean how do you top the best gift there
is you as their
child I'm so sorry
Luke well Ridge is here to help thanks
to their Father's Day Sale where you can
save up to 40% on all their products
whether it's a wallet a key case a fancy
pen or a combination of all of them they
have something to fit your gifting needs
they even have suitcases if your dad is
the jet Setter type wow and with over
100,000 fstar reviews and their 99 day
moneyback guarantee your gift is certain
to satisfy so go check out the sale
using the link in the video description
the show is also brought to you by
acronis if you run a business your it
infrastructure is most likely the
backbone of your entire company whether
you're operating out of one location or
multiple ones with aonis cyber protect
you can relax knowing that you're
covered by cuttingedge backup security
and disaster recovery technology all
integrated into one platform its single
console is easy to navigate with a
user-friendly interface and also saves
you the hassle and money of dealing with
multiple separate applications the bulk
of what cyber protect does is in its
name it provides protection against
cyber threats using a full Suite of
features like endpoint detection
continuous data protection and AI
enhanced antivirus and anti-malware
Technologies and if things do go wrong
they oneclick self-service recovery
means you can initiate the recovery
process without it dependency reducing
downtime chronis may not prevent things
like your server Catching Fire but hey
at least you'll be able to recover your
data afterwards so go use our Link in
the description to simplify your
business's data protection and cyber
security with aonis cyber protect
finally the show is brought to you by
mend if you're tired of seeing the email
marketing World in black and white mend
can help they offer a suite of otherly
amazing tools designed to improve
customer relationships through
personalized Outreach with with mend you
can create visually appealing email
campaigns to her your audience eyes
don't not hurt your audience's eyes her
your audience's eyes in the right
direction using customizable templates
segmentation tools and personalized
Dynamic elements and if you're tired of
manually typing out long beefy responses
you can use their pre-made automation
templates or create your own with their
flexible drag and drop Builder after
you've launched your
campaign calculate your next step with
their Advanced Analytical tools moose
end also offers Integrations with
popular e-commerce platforms allowing
your business to streamline their
marketing efforts and milk maximum
engagement from your audience when moose
when marketing your business the
stakes are at an all-time high so check
out how mend can help by using the link
below for a free 30-day trial and you
can also save 10% that was awful I
should have dinged all of those yeah
really that was that was the worst the
dancing cow is pretty great though
dancing baby what year is it I don't
think it one uped uh me apparently being
Dan's
Dad yeah I was a little weird um is it
too late for an abortion so like why
does he have a
beard I came out of the womb with that
bearded
baby oh boy what do you want to do next
three merch messages oh yeah right sorry
yes Dan yes yes sir sure okay so Sor uh
having trouble balancing work and time
with my partner she says we compromised
on shared time too much but I made 2/3
versus last year I work odd hours to get
overtime but get three days off
advice three days off is a a
lot right but do those hours always
coincide with her time off because yeah
if you have three days off but you spend
two of them like gaming in your cave and
and to be clear I'm not saying you're
doing that I'm just saying 3 days off
does not necessarily equate to 3 days
together
totally I mean that's a tough one you
got to you got to make time
relationships do not autopilot you also
need to set realistic expectations
because as they said I made 2/3 versus
last year economic times are tough right
now you can't just like not
push I mean I remember we talked we well
not we didn't talk about it but we
alluded to it last week when Ivon was on
the show with us um where yeah we had
some really tough conversations and what
I often fell back on in fact you know
being across the hall from us and those
with those paper thin walls uh what I
often you've probably heard me say this
before but what I often alluded to was
that that old expr sometimes they would
go downstairs to like the living room
area thinking that it did
anything anyway um I often would talk
about making hay while the Sun's shining
um like that's a if you have a good
opportunity now but then you also like
depending on your financial situation
you might not if the sun's no longer
shining you might not have an
opportunity to not do it make anyway I
mean the answer is kind of the same
either way I guess is like yeah at the
end of the day work is our modern
equivalent of going out and foraging for
food and building
shelter um if we don't do it we don't
eat and we don't have shelter and there
are alternatives you could be a mountain
man and you guys could go to the
mountain and you could forage for food
and build shelter um but what I suspect
is that she doesn't want to do
that um I mean maybe maybe in which case
I hope you're ready for some significant
lifestyle adjustments might be sick you
won't be watching W show much from out
there I don't think a little
tough um yeah it's tough I mean I think
the the most important thing in any
relationship in any conflict is you got
to communicate you both got to
communicate okay what are my needs what
are your needs what are the
realistic um challenges that we Face to
uh to meet both of them and what's the
closest that we can get to a middle
ground yeah and like you you're pointing
out yourself I made 2/3 versus last year
uh she might not be as financially
minded or financially focused um I find
there's usually like one person in the
relationship that is more so like for
for for you Ivon is more financially
focused I think um she's better at it
which is say that much probably good um
but okay man this is this is one of
those things where I feel like in in
trying to make sure that people properly
appreciate that Ivon is not just the
boss's wife and take your wife to work
day I I've talked a lot about how good
she is at that kind of stuff guys don't
kid yourself I'm not some [__] idiot
like I I I know how to budget things and
stuff so I was yeah I was meing on you
but I yeah I know well the problem is
that there they don't know that yeah
there seems to it's fair enough there
seem to be a lot of people that when I
build someone else up and I kind of have
like I have kind of a self-deprecating
style of humor
um people seem to take it at face value
which
well hey I see you and that's okay my my
literal friends my my point was is it it
might be a good idea to sit down with
the books with her try to explain or
with them uh try to explain uh oh no it
says she okay yeah with her um try to
explain like this is this is why okay I
made 23s versus last year these are my
financial goals over the next while
which will put us in these Financial
positions where you know retirement
might be more comfy we might be able to
uh I don't know rent a better place or
buy a better place or buy a place at all
or do whatever have more insul financial
insulation if something bad happens say
one of us loses a job this will give us
more of a Runway like explain all of
these different types of things but if I
could give a little bit of advice don't
mansplain it ask questions totally ask
questions like in the event that one of
us lost a job how long would you expect
us to take to get a new job and how much
of what we're making now would we be
willing to settle for so you can ask a
question like that lay out a scenario
and then do the math together rather
than doing it all of time and basically
giving a presentation CU that can that
can have a little bit of theck totally
that makes sense yeah yeah I work with
them on it I don't
know I'm showing my seven-year-olds some
games from my own childhood for example
Roller Coaster Tycoon worms and Age of
Empires 2 how has your children
responded to older games like these as
they grew older did uh any really get
into
some um I haven't I haven't played older
games with my kids that much but what I
will say is they tend to enjoy things
the most when you do it with them so if
you just give them Roller Coaster Tycoon
and walk away I doubt that's going to be
very effective but if you sit and make
coasters with them that will be super
effective um like uh my son would never
pick up Lio on his own like he doesn't
he could um but he loves playing it with
me so that that's the kind of thing you
got to do right if you if you want want
them to kind of enjoy the same things as
you and you want to kind of make that
connection just make sure that you
understand it has to go both ways I've
had to spend more time than I otherwise
would have playing Minecraft dungeons um
because my kids like it
and it's what it's like it's diablo
right like it's it's a stupid click on
everything Dungeon Crawler game right
like and and to be clear if you enjoy
Minecraft dungeons that's fine there's
good gameplay mechanics and I'm sure at
like a high level you can like be good
at it and stuff it's not just click on
things or whatever like some of the
raids are pretty challenging and like we
got wiped and stuff so no disrespect
intended it's just not really my genre
and um I've played a lot more of it than
I would have if my kids hadn't asked me
to
right and let's see what's our last one
here hello duli I recently sent my 89
Civic hatchback into a tree at 35 mph a
day before I went on vacation have you
had anything catastrophic happen
happened before an event but found a way
to go
anyway what a specific question oh no um
oh before an event I mean I'm sure I've
had something terrible happen before an
event I mean you get sick anytime you go
anywhere so that's kind of catastrophic
yeah I'm worried remember that time you
went to Japan and then just stayed in
your hotel room the whole time that was
taian Taiwan sure whatever that's where
I'm going again hopefully I don't get
sick again I thought you also had to
stay in your hotel tell room a lot in
Japan yes yeah so I'm not wrong
so I haven't not been why you got to be
like that why am I being so defensive
right
now I haven't not been sick during a
vacation for 3 years nice and we're
rolling the dice again nice seeing how
it goes yeah yeah yeah maybe it'll work
out you
got I'm not sick don't worry thanks
unless I am oh we'll find out soon yeah
I mean it'll affect me too I guess let's
hope neither us is sick yes um I don't
know it's happened a bunch of times tell
me this I don't really want to give
examples tell me this okay now obviously
I'm not going to ask you if you're going
to wear a cloth Square on your face but
would you consider using one of the like
organic particulate filters like I have
for my painting Booth would you consider
wearing one of those on the plane
because Close Quarters on a plane look I
don't I don't give a f if you believe
that Co was a government conspiracy or
whatever I I I actually don't care uh
the the cold hard truth is that
proximity especially over an extended
period of time to people who are
infected with any kind of even remotely
Airborne illness increases the chances
of you getting
sick stop if you're going to say
anything other than that being near sick
people makes you sick you're actually
stupid and you can go away um so if you
were to wear like a real filtering mask
if that was an option because it is
they're like 100 bucks and the
cartridges are much cheaper they're like
interchangeable cartridges yeah I have I
have one I used to use it for working
with cement how badly do you not want to
get
sick I think not badly enough to wear
that which which is funny because I
actually find them who cares wildly more
comfortable to wear yeah they're not
that uncomfortable but people like hate
it
so much I don't know why I tried it
before when when this whole thing first
popped off my immediate reaction was to
go get my old like cement mask thing
yeah cuz I'm like they have removable
filters I'll just buy the n95 ones cuz
those exist and you can just click them
in and then I'm good right and the whole
world was like no we have to use these
really annoying one siiz fits all they
don't fit your head they're going to
literally cut your ears masks and I'm
like what why when I when I'm on planes
you know what I actually do yeah I wear
those old noise cancelling headphones
that you got for
us
2014 I don't even remember I don't
remember when you bought everybody noise
cancelling headphones for trips like a
billion years ago okay I still I still
have those and I I hook the mask around
those so it doesn't cut into my ears cuz
if I don't I I've actually bled from
masks before my head's too big I 3 print
did a bunch of um ear saver M so
annoying and I'm the one with the
ego you have you have that makes sense I
did it for that was um during Co they
were the blood people the bloodletting
people I can't remember what they called
like Life Labs and stuff like that oh
the blood letting people you mean the
clinic yeah the clinic where they let
your blood go into the tubes do you call
your doctor a saw
bones it' be funny it' be very funny Dr
sawbones please I have the I have the
vapors um and those worked really well
cuz they were having to wear masks like
for like 10 12 hours a day and they were
all bleeding as well so you could try
one of those although theyd probably be
pretty silly I don't know what happened
I used to I used to get sick decently
often enough that it was annoying but it
would always be for like really short
periods of time and it was like usually
pretty easy like I would get sick on
like a Thursday or a Friday and I'd be
better Again by the time I'm back in I
work on Monday and I'd like lose a
weekend and it would suck but like it
didn't really matter and now I'll get
sick and it just doesn't go away for so
long and like the most recent two of
them I tested and they weren't Co so
like it's just something I have no idea
I don't know man I um for me the uh I I
don't wear a mask anymore because we
don't have mandates and lockdowns and
there's you know there's there's a lot
more certainty about uh Co and its
various uh its various changes over the
years and all of that so I'm I'm a lot
less worried about it um I mean it's
it's the unknown that was that was the
reason for a lot of the protective
measures we didn't know you know what it
was going to do we didn't know what the
impacts were going to be long term um so
I don't I don't wear a mask anymore but
what I do still do is I wash my hands
way more than I used to me too that's a
that's a new one for me I never get sick
anymore think about it when's the last
time you saw me miss a day at work
because I'm sick yeah like basically
never remember and in the old days I
used to work anyway but I you go back to
some of the old videos and I'm like I'm
hosting it like this have no voice and
stuff dude I never get sick anymore
washing your hands more and it's not
like I was like a dirty gross disgusting
person before anything like I wash my
hands when I use the bathroom and stuff
like that but I switched my mentality I
used to wash my hands whenever I did
something
dirty now I wash my hands before I'm
about to do something that requires
cleanliness yes and also that yeah and
that has made probably the biggest
difference out of every behavioral I'm
also really hardcore about
um uh when I go to the gym I'm really
hardcore about not touching my face with
my
hands sometimes I might you know there's
sweat or whatever I'll use like my arm
I'll do it but I'll make sure that I've
washed my hands first well I'll do that
but then at the gym you're touching in
the gym there's no way yeah so I I I I
pre-wipe down every surface that I use
in the gym including bars like barbells
whatever else and then even despite that
if I need to touch my face I'll use like
you know you you do this with your hand
so you can have a point with this part
of the wrist and then I'll like use that
if I need to or just my the whole back
of my arm or whatever like I'll find
some way to not use the inside of my
hand without I'm touching things with
unique username reminds me that you just
had a UTI liner sorry for the reminder I
did
uh but that's not related to
transmissible although there there
are personto person transmission things
that can cause a UTI which actually
reminds me of the time that my doctor in
front of me basically told Ivon oh honey
he's cheating on you have I never told
you this story no um what anyway
antibiotics they're a miracle I'm fine
now thank you um as far as the UTI goes
oh so cute oh no but I got um I got an
unrelated blood test for something
what's happening I got okay I got an I
got an unrelated blood test for
something or other and uh I tested
positive for I'm going to get all the
details wrong because I am not a I'm not
a doctor and it doesn't matter to me in
my daily life but I I tested positive
for like the the associated
proteins or the antibodies or something
of one of the
hepatiti um okay and basically whichever
one it is it's one that you that is is
sexually transmitted um so I went in for
my for this totally unrelated blood test
it was probably something to do with um
uh getting my blood test Ed to figure
out if I had arthritis because um I had
these issues with inflammation in my
knees and now they think it was juvenile
rheumatoid arthritis so it's kind of
gone in gone into remission it'll
probably come back with a vengeance when
I'm old but for now I'm doing pretty
great good um anyway so I was I was
probably in for a blood test for that or
something and they basically go okay but
you've got this like antigen or protein
or something it was something to do with
some one of the
hepatitises and um they basic I
basically go okay so like what does that
mean and they're basically like well it
you know usually indicates that um
you've you know gotten that you've had
at some point uh this this sexually
transmitted disease and Ivonne pipes up
and she goes okay but he hasn't because
I don't and I never
have and she kind of
goes well
that's how you get it so I think you
guys might have to have a conversation
about
this and look for me and Ivonne It's
Perfectly Normal and acceptable for us
to have a meeting with with our doctor
like with each other but for her to
basically like and it really was that
obvious um now so we left like OB
obviously Ivon and I have a lot of trust
in our relationship because as we were
leaving um I was like um no and she's
like yeah I know
um but Ivonne having a background in
Pharmacy having an actual medical
background herself oh man that's
something that I think it's got to be
useful makes me more Angry than almost
anything else like and I I don't know
what it is I don't know if it's the
general you know arrogance that you can
see with doctors sometimes I don't know
if it's like a misogyny thing I don't
know what it is
the number the number of times that I
have had to stand there while a medical
professional talks down to Ivonne when
she clearly understands everything
that's going on very easily especially
when they're talking about drugs for me
to Pipe in and go she's a pharmacist you
don't have to explain what a cortica
steroid is you can move on and for them
to keep going through it explaining to
her like she is 3 years old
I don't think anything makes me more
Angry than that anyway so the point is
this doctor who I probably have had that
conversation with already because I
understand these things pretty well
whether it's from just paying attention
in school or it's from taking some some
first year biology classes or from doing
flash cards with Yvonne I've picked up a
lot I don't I don't need to I don't need
someone to explain to me what an
anti-inflammatory is I don't need
someone to explain to me what an nset is
I like I I I know what these things are
and I you know aren't you paid by the
number of patients you see like let's
let's do this thing right so I tend to
kind of jump in with that she's a
pharmacist you don't have to explain
this she knows what aspirin is let's
let's move on um anyway so Ivonne starts
asking probing questions so dismissive
the doctor was so dismissive of her
questions where she was basically
probing for okay what are the other like
the doctor was treating her like she was
basically asking if she could get
pregnant from toilet seat you know like
is that how he got it did he but what
she was actually asking for is like okay
look I'm a little rusty on the antigens
versus the proteins versus the
antibodies is there some other thing
that could have caused that could have
caused it and as it turns
out when we went for another blood test
and we came back for the results the
doctor with no apology whatsoever for
the incredibly awkward situation she'd
created that could have in a different
relationship caused ruin a pretty big
stir
because even if even if you did end up
figuring out that it wasn't true
irrepairable damage could have been done
no apology whatsoever is basically
like yeah he like had he had some
exposure to it at some point through a
vaccine and had the the
whatevers um but we didn't check for
that last time so I didn't
know [__] you like you actually don't
get to do that that's not cool and don't
worry I have a new doctor now um that
was a it was a clinic doctor I hate
going to walk-in clinics it's basically
but we didn't have a family doctor at
that time between the two of us and my
technically still my family doctor is
like out in Mission cuz he was my family
doctor from before Ivan and I like moved
to not Mission um so like I just didn't
have one yet and I was super young and
super healthy mine is super far away
it's like 45 minutes an hour sucks am I
I the walk-in clinic four minutes from
the office baby I locked outy she's
amazing that's awesome dude she tried to
call me on a weekend about my results
for the UTI thing she like calls me on a
Saturday I don't pick up because I don't
answer my phone because it's leaked a
thousand times and I just give up on
changing my phone number at this point
um so she calls me on a Saturday I don't
pick up she texts me she's like yo I
dealt with all your stuff go pick it up
at this Pharmacy it's the one near you I
checked what holy crap pretty sick she
is absolutely based I love my doctor and
she's like my age so I basically as long
as she doesn't retire um Dr T please
please don't retire yeah as long as she
doesn't
retire I I I'm I'm keeping her for life
she's awesome yeah like yeah yeah I the
only at this point the only reason why I
go into a walk-in is if I am 100%
confident what's going on I'll go in and
like tell them and then they can get me
whatever yeah a lot of the time they'll
argue with you anyway though honestly
the one that I go to usually they just
like verify really quick and they're
like okay sure and then cuz I have this
Pro I I've explained this to you before
my like ear canals are kind of weird
like I can't have the Squishy in ear
buds cuz they just fall out um I also
sometimes have a hard time um when I get
off of planes sometimes my ear just
won't pop oo that's bad so I have to go
in and like they help me do it oh that's
rough so I'll just like tell them like
this is the problem this is the way that
you guys have successfully done it in
the past and they'll just be like okay
just do that's pretty straightforward
it's like cool they'll like man phys
walking doctors or just like any doctor
that just like doesn't care um is such a
kind of it's a Scourge dude I agree but
I get it here because here we have such
an insane shortage so they have five
minutes with you how are they going to
care if they have five minutes I get it
five minutes one question what are you
going to how are you going to get
invested in this person like I it
sucks Dr T please don't leave me yeah
and some people are like time to switch
doctors it's not that easy it's not that
easy we have a significant shortage and
insane shortage she probably doesn't
have open spots she probably has a
system where family can get added on so
any of these families that are growing
that's her new clientele she can't bring
on more people and it's really
challenging because there's there's
there's Dynamics at play that are not as
simple as just like oh I don't know why
don't you guys substitute or substitute
why don't you guys subsidize uh your
your your doctor training programs like
it's not it's not that simple like if
you a lot of the is that we have a brain
drain down to the United States where
doctors make a lot more money but a lot
of the reasons that doctors make a lot
more money is because of how bloated and
uh broken the US medical system is like
that whole you know here's your $30
Band-Aid thing that goes on where
insurance companies um where there's
where there's these outrageous fees that
are being charged because insurance
companies will just pay for it and then
will just you know buil their their
subscribers for it that whole that whole
system is hyper inefficient and
facilitates doctors who will work down
there making way more money such that a
more efficient system can't compete with
it and to be clear I am not saying the
Canadian system is efficient I am saying
it is more efficient which is
objectively true I'm so sorry my
American friends um they get like some
of them get like super super super super
mad about any anything to do with that
sounds any even remotely critical of
anything about America and I apologize
sincerely for that that's that's that's
my Canadian way um but your system's not
very
good
yeah apparently there something called
earplanes that can like help with the
thing that I have maybe I'll look into
this some sort of used station tube
dysfunction the Band-Aids have freedom I
don't remember the names M I hav't like
I I I figured it out with my doctor like
I think it was like the second time we
went to CES so this would have been like
2013 2014 that's why we have guns so we
can end it when we get
sick doesn't the Canadian government
also recommend that some of the
Americans in our in our chat are
uh
spicy yeah all right guys uh yeah yeah
langle man says I've been waiting eight
months for an MRI for a rotator cuff
injury love Canadian healthare yeah yeah
it's not a perfect system I will not
even begin to pretend it's a perfect
system
um
everything's it turns out everything's
corrupt wherever lots of money is
involved yeah that's what we learned
yeah up here the weights are brutal like
I when I was I was really sick I don't
know three months ago something like
that um
and it was like go to a walk-in and
they're they they basically I I did once
and they were more or less like I don't
know okay cool um and then I I went to
go schedule an appointment with my
actual doctor and he was like well it's
going to be like a month or a little bit
more before I have an appointment open
cuz it's not an emergency I was clearly
not like dying I was just sick for a
really long time he's like well you can
book an appointment I was like well I'll
probably be better by then he's like
yep okay you can always book it and then
cancel it when you're close and then an
opening will be available to someone who
needs one soon
yeah just just saying that's a that's a
system we're apparently supposed to do
when after dark we haven't even made it
through all our topics Luke has to leave
in 18 minutes go but we didn't even talk
about Google's AI citing the onion and
recommending the health benefits of
drinking
pee what Google's AI overviews in search
appear to be drawing information from
very questionable sources with limited
discernment including telling a user to
try making cheese adhere better to their
homemade pizza uh to add about an eighth
of a cup of Elmer's glue in with the
sauce the source for this wisdom appears
to be an 11-year-old Reddit comment made
by user
Smith AI overviews likewise recommended
eating at least one small rock per day
which it
attributed to UC Berkeley geologists but
is actually a recommendation made in
2020 in a 2021 onion article another
user asked what mammal has the most
bones and was instead told that snakes
have the most bones of any vertebrate
not a mammal I'm afraid these errors
included medical misinformation such as
recommending smoking two to three
cigarettes a day while
pregnant even prior to the full roll out
AI overviews were making similar
mistakes including telling at least one
user to drink large amounts of urine in
order to dislodge a kidney stone I mean
you can't prove it wouldn't
work a Google smoke
spokesperson says that the mistakes came
from generally very uncommon queries and
aren't representative of most people's
experiences I mean that's the thing
about hallucinations in it you see most
of the world as it
is except for the ants that are crawling
out of your skin that cause you to rip
your skin off you know um any who users
can use the web tab to remove these
elements or automate the process by
changing in their browser settings to
add udm equals 14 to the end of their
search URL in other AI news which is
awesome the Chinese website for Cooler
Master is apparently advertising their
new cryus 5 product which comes in six
different colors as competitive AI
thermal paste the official name for the
product translates as thermal paste AI
Sports Lottery um any who they've
apparently apologized for that and it
was a translation error or something but
I just thought it was funny to put in
with our AI news that's funny iix it has
dumped Samsung they officially dropping
them as a partner saying the company
seems unwilling to make goodfaith
progress towards making its devices more
repairable however they will continue to
provide parts and repair kits for
Samsung devices to
Consumers um since partnering with
iFixit 2 years ago Samsung has
apparently kept Parts price high and
continued to engage in unnecessary Parts
pairing according to a leaked contract
Samsung also required independent repair
shops to report the personal information
and repair details of customers and to
immediately disassemble Samsung devices
that were repaired with third party
parts so and with the amount of rules
that repair shops have like so eat
Samsung basically um I criticize this
kind of stuff when Apple does it and I
would spend a lot longer railing on this
except Luke has to go so um dang sorry
cold ones reviewed our screwdriver oh
really oh uh
Dan we tried every YouTuber
product it's a pretty sick video
[__] this is the LTT screwdriver I
mean nice yep I'm a I'm a man I'm a man
nice this really gets me going wo that's
[__] sick look at this get all your
[__] bits in there that's clean have
you tried it out have you tested it oh
no I just keep swizzling it as good as
like a like a autism toy this is good I
would love to put a PC together with
this yeah if you got the wrong screw bit
then I I'm pretty sure this product like
exists on the market but this that
concept exists but this is definitely a
very good execution of yeah it's simple
it's Sleek I was rough and it [__] the
screw not the screwdriver that means the
tips are good the lus tips I'm thinking
a tier just from holding it that I have
absolutely no issues with it yeah I'm
happy with that all right do you want
not bad huh we're a tier boys nice
what's s there's shoes and S this is a
joke okay they only put like these
stupid meme shoes in s everything a is
effectively the top tier beautiful yeah
I'm super I'm super excited and honestly
dude not a lot of stuff ended up in a
tier like we are among pretty legit
company up here so what what is the
other stuff in a tier I'm kind of
interested uh hold well okay man you got
to ask me for all these details that I
don't know okay well let's switch to 4K
enhance enhance okay we've got a
babish tongs and something some kind of
cooking thing I assume cool we've got
whatever this is and whatever this is
and whatever this thing is nice and then
and whatever this is Joy Ride oh those
are those I would not consider those
particularly a tier they were fine but
they were too expensive but aren't they
aren't they oh I see aren't they like
more healthy or something we beat the
Jerry rig everything knife which ended
up in B tier we beat febles which are
fine I guess I guess that's about a b uh
we definitely
beat are those more Feasta bles in E TI
I didn't actually notice that uh MK K
BHD had a product in here is it just a
mug how do you even rate a mug yeah I
don't know they use they use like a
merch company for their stuff so it's
just like basic um I see there's more
febles down there though okay Prime is
actually pretty decent tasting I think
there Prime is not good I think they're
just meing on them there's but no
there's issues outside of flavor oh okay
oh so okay when I rated when I when I
rated um influencer drinks I was only
going based on Flavor Flavor yeah okay
Prime is not good crunch Labs B they
were not into uh mythical cereal same as
me I'm sorry mythical but it tastes like
[__] it's not good I I've I look this is
one of those things that's kind of tough
for me because I I think crunch Labs is
really cool I'm surprised crunch laps
wasn't High I've met some of these
people um and so like for me to be out
there just like yeah it's not good um
feels a little awkward but look I got my
I got my Integrity boys and uh mish mash
is not good sorry
rough uh they did not like um pokem
man's cookies they are D tier o and Dude
Perfect whatever this thing is they also
do not like uh hold on I'm trying to
switch to my
laptop uh whatever this thing is I don't
know what this
is oh Mr BEAST's chocolate ended up in
both etier I tried saying this I think
three times and B tier it's because
there's different revisions of it yeah
people are saying that the newer recipe
is up higher and the older recipe is
down low okay well I'm about to I'm
about to have a hot take here um you
think ones you guys have got no taste oh
the original recipe Mr Beast bars are I
could be wrong I could be wrong are way
higher quality chocolate I could be
wrong hold on no I I think you're right
I don't know the new looked at one of
those the new recipe is like basic
mainstream chocolate like if you're like
M Nestle arobar that's quality you will
like the new recipe but the old recipe
is a way more like traditional proper
chocolate can people confirm okay so the
order is correct okay yeah yeah so they
they just they went mainstream in basic
probably because people were like ew and
they were sitting there going okay well
why are we spending so much to put so
much real cocoa in this we might as well
give them the the swill that they like
sorry swill is a drink thing but uh yeah
give give them the trash that they like
yeah um man honestly I don't get it
though because you can just get Lind
chocolate at the grocery store which is
going to absolutely destroy both his
original recipe and the new recipe but
hey like you know influencer product
right if you like what Mr Beast does and
you want to support him I I I got I got
no problem with that but I do think
their branding is like world's best
chocolate bar is
um how do you how do you get away with
that world's best chocolate world's best
pizza what do that even what does that
even what does that even [__] mean
Define that yourself yeah I mean I guess
but I would think you'd have to I don't
know I I'm sure whoever worked on his
marketing gave some thought to it or
something
um Elijah lint is gross yeah but Elijah
have you eaten any foods like you tried
a mango for the first time like a month
ago like what what do you even know
about food I'm sorry was that the first
time that was the first time he'd ever
eaten a
mango it's like come on man I don't know
with him sometimes cuz his whole like
Innings thing no he knows he's just
trying to mess with us yeah so you think
he's trying to mess with you no no I
don't think so you don't think so you
think that's actually the first time
yeah yeah yeah yeah I don't know I don't
know I'm 27 years young had never eaten
a mango I'm a little sus I'm a little
sus on that I don't think he would lie
about that were you there you weren't
there for the conversation I thought I
was there for him eating it though yeah
no no we offered him some never tried
that before the hockey night yeah yeah
that was before I got
there I had mango drinks and dried stuff
so he had dried mango never eat fresh
mango okay okay okay so basically what
I'm going to take food advice from
someone who's never tried fresh fruit
like no I'm sorry I'm not I'm not going
to do that it's not going to be like
that um wre all
right what's next right I'm trying right
I'm trying to blow through these things
so that we oh oh this is very important
uh we need you guys to help us um I've
got notes from Tanner I have an entire
doc about this good Lord I might have to
do this later holy crap it's like four
pages this is very very important okay
Dan don't let me forget I will get to
this after uh we've got a float plane
early release guys if you're subscribed
on float plane you're going to want to
go check this out we've got cable
managing Samy setup sponsored by secret
lab this is a whole new series for us so
we've got an early release I think this
is coming out this weekend or something
like that anyway um we are going to be
starting by doing a couple of internal
people setups so we started with Sammy
Dan is coming next we will be cable
managing his setup and then assuming
that people like the content format
we're going to be opening it up to the
audience if it goes well on this
continent we will be opening it up
worldwide I will personally show up at
your [__] house with cable management
products in hand and I will cable manage
your disaster how did you AG to this I
got to sell C management yeah but I got
to sell Cable Management wow I mean the
whole thing is basically just an ad for
cable management products and like we
Vlog and we have some fun and it's it's
entertaining it's a good video it sounds
fun it's legitimately a I'm just
surprised you're willing to like we got
all these tips on like think it's going
to be great ways to manage cables
totally it's it's look look and that way
you'll find more unique setups if I've
said it once I've said it 100 times I am
all about how many W's I can stack right
when wi win is not enough for me I want
win win win win okay so I want to
personally win you know by selling some
cable management I want the company to
win by getting you know great content
for our audience and and and making
money and paying its employees to
develop new products I want the audience
to win I want the audience to win
getting content that they love to watch
they love these kind of Vlogs where
we're working on upgrading people setups
and and the big Winners the ones who
actually like win the prize I want them
to win I want the to win because they
got these Good Vibes associated with
their product everybody wins you know if
you if you start jet setting this often
all you need to do all you need to do is
make a a cool many more millions of
dollars no big deal right you got that
uh and then buy a
plane no problem and then Flo plane
support Joe has offered to be your your
Private
Pilot so a plane not that
expensive a hanger oh that too yeah yeah
very expensive also planes that can go
across continents dude quite expensive
dud you are talking to small cesas or
one thing the second you can do super
long
range you are talking to
someone who has
flown one time one time in his entire
life in business class oh yeah me too
one time it was
by I don't remember some sponsor ended
up doing the flights for us and we
realized like as we got on where on the
plane we were going it was brand and I
we were both just like what and we came
out of the experience you know some
people are like I did it once I could
never go back we came out of the
experience be like I'm never paying for
that cuz we looked at the price
difference versus what we got we're like
bro no I mean we both got here right
yeah ex exactly like I don't know yeah
man there is I I
cannot man I'm trying to think okay cuz
like like Taylor Swift was like flying
from her like overseas ass concert to
like watch Travis Kelce play in like
super bowl or whatever and like you know
what I get it if you've got that kind of
resource man I got such a k oh that's an
irrelevant amount of money I got such a
kick out of people being like Taylor
Swift is now a billionaire earlier this
year I'm like are you [__] kidding me
okay if my stupid company no offense to
my company got an offer if my highly
intelligent company yeah if if if this
if this got valued at a tenth of a
billion dollars at one point are you
kidding me that she just crossed the
line you don't think Taylor Swift is
worth a hundred of
me 10 times
please are you kidding me anyway anyway
um okay so on the one hand like I get it
when you have that level of resources if
you can just just buy a plane Jo if you
can just if you can just hop to your
boyfriend's football game like I can see
why she would do it but I legitimately I
legitimately have a very difficult time
imagining a world where I would do
anything other than commercial air
travel like I just I don't I I don't I I
I don't think I can I don't think I can
accept
it helicopter just I mean Jo
great for
KOB I'm serious those things actually
reasonable those things are death traps
I the amount of times I hear do you know
why they call it the Jesus nut because
it's not cuz he did it on your
face no it's because there is one nut
one nut because it's perfect and he
doesn't need two sorry sorry there is
one he lost the other one in an
industrial accident we don't bring that
up there is there is one nut that gets
torqued onto the top of the rotor
assembly that holds the rotor blades in
place if it comes loose for whatever
reason on this vibrating ass spinning
ass Contraption if it comes
loose the rotors
go and the helicopter fly falls out of
the sky so you call it the Jesus nut
because you pray to Jesus it never comes
off okay those things are flipping scary
okay have you flown in a helicopter
youve been in a helicopter before
average helicopter crash at around nine
per 100,000 flight hours that seems
crazy high okay Luke have you been in a
helicopter before yes a few times okay
they're made a [__] cardboard yeah
that's kind of true like I I was I was
looking at thing I was going like that's
it
like okay so that answers the question
then not the helicopter route time to
buy a plane and Jo and fly it for you
easy you know what okay Taran you know
constantly coming up and down yeah that
there's got to be a cost to that there's
got to be a cost a l less than a plane
you could just get a plane and then when
when he's not when he's not what about a
plane time share this is what I'm saying
you coulded Taylor Swift plane when
she's not going to her
boyfriend's doesn't know who I am yeah I
think I think change you want to see in
the
world maybe if you went to a football
game once in a while a football game a
football game when you say football like
that it's a black and white
ball but when when when he's not flying
Teran you know he can fly other people
boom now you have a new
company Jesus boom new
company oh Lordy um solved I'll say this
when personal like one passenger plus
like your backpack Vall never going to
happen will not happen in our lifetimes
have you met people who drive
cars what what sorry I can't tell whose
side you're on you think it's going to
be AI or not you I I I think the only
possible way is if it's like predefined
routes or AI driven or something like
that I don't think is haven't like
traffic accidents gone up since Tesla
introduced self-driving cars I don't
know man no idea there's a lot of
companies trying to build these things
they're going to fail stop it and that's
okay that is something that I would
legitimately move
for I would relocate to an area that
allows me to have my own personal like
like little quadcopter that I can fly to
work in see if if you just if you just
want a personal
plane you can already do that yeah but
that where am I going to fly it I don't
want to goere on staff who can fly it I
just go to working back you just you
just buy a plane it's simple I look I
got a motorcycle and people are all like
oh yeah you know like I I did like a
6-hour ride up to Squam Mission back and
I did this and I did that I'm like yeah
I drove to work I excuse me I rode to
work and then I rode home I don't go
anywhere I don't I don't want to go
anywhere I just I just want I just want
to go to work in my little private plane
that's all so anything that I can't land
in my backyard I'm not even interested
in I I don't even want it there you go
Joe there's the specs for the plane it
has to be able to land in Linus's
backyard there's a pool there careful
careful oh man get a heli land in your
yard and land at the office do you have
any idea the kind of letter I would get
from our strata Council if I tried to
land a helicopter at our
office you don't think they like it is
is that is that guy still around oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah neighbor Steve he might
be down he's our neighbor tell them your
friends with Taylor Swift here we go
yeah but it's never going to happen laws
are not going to allow this I will move
I will move to the UAE no you won't I
won't move to the UAE no you won't that
was
false where where would potentially
allow this Nevada that
you yeah they're in a desert there's not
a lot of like you
know people where are you even flying to
at that point Texas I will join Mr musk
in Texas if I can have a Jetson you
would have moved to Texas I I would
consider it I would strongly consider it
is that where we're going to have the
cult can we have these in the cult um
you can wash mine move thean Texas I'm
down cultist are allowed to wash my
personal aircraft do it thank you sir
thank you for the privilege property
will be insanely more affordable I need
to pause for a second C cult guys that's
a joke this is a joke we have where like
we we should form a cult and I should be
the leader I am playing a
character touch grass okay cool the non
jok is that buy a plane for Joe to
fly no that's not happening totally
happening we do live near the islands he
could buy a floow plane yeah I they are
Jo Joe can train to fly a FL extremely
and land it where Fraser River yeah your
your Lake cabin you go to Bowen Island
so what I'm going to live on the Fraser
River Port Brown is really nice it
smells disgusting it's a little icky
it's a little it's maybe a little GES go
to gang you know what I am sure that Joe
could drive the car from the float plane
dock to to your CH yeah chauffeur plane
and car Cher there you go I don't think
he'd mind as long as he gets to fly the
plane uh we did a fraction of our topics
today we are less than half of the way
through our topic and I need to kind of
you have to leave 3 minutes ago okay if
you have to go then you've got to go but
it means that we are uh we are in for I
can hear I can check maybe we are in for
an adventure uh the US government has
put a 25% tax back on Chinese assembled
motherboards PC cases and graphics cards
the Tariff was paused for a year to
collect industry feedback it's unknown
when it will resume but the Biden
Administration has indicated that it
will be steeply increasing tariffs on
other Chinese Goods like semiconductors
lithium ion e batteries and electric
vehicles uh the Tariff on semiconductors
is the steepest and will be increasing
from 25% to
50% uh this is going to be a problem but
it may not be as much of a problem as
you would think because a lot of these
companies moved their assembly or at
least Diversified their assembly outside
of China in order to get around this
back when the Trump Administration put
it in place um Scarlett johanneson is
having a bit of Johansson sorry excuse
me um is having a bit of a tiff with
open AI over a voice that um people
including her say sounds eerily similar
to her which is her that is to say uh
the movie Her which uh is like the AI in
the movie Her which is voiced by her
which is Scarlet Johansson who is having
this dispute okay she did the voice for
her um so we're we've got a couple quick
voice comparisons here can we can we
listen can we
listen we
ready oh also while while we figure that
out uh I I won't say the thing we're
doing but I have a response from wend
cool is he down he's down and he has
some suggestions nice I knew he would y
okay when did you give it to yourself
well right when you asked me if I had a
name I thought yeah he's right I do need
a name but I wanted to pick a good one
so I read a book called how to name your
baby and out of 180,000 names that's the
one I like oh a bedtime story about
robots and love I got you covered gather
round Barrett once upon a time in a
world I actually don't think those sound
as
similar um maybe the
inflections the first one was actually
her right yeah yeah okay cuz I was
listening to the first one and I was
partially focusing on my phone when you
were teeing up the topic God was voice
that
sounds what she has a super sexy voice
what who Scarlet Johansson you don't
think so what a comment uh what why do
you think she was cast for the part it's
just a weird it's not like it's a
controversial
all right you're basic
um got
him you like the voice that whoever
directed this movie thought you would
like sorry very basic sorry you know
what I like the backst street boys too
what are you going to do about it that
is pretty basic come at me that is that
is pretty basic they're the Backstreet
dads now and they're just as cool as
they were if not more so yeah listening
to that first one I was like wow that
does really sound like her that I didn't
is from the movie the second one it it
sounds like uh you know inspired
by uh I don't even think it does I don't
think it sounds anything like her I
don't think it
sounds if you yeah like I I didn't hear
it and immediately think
her but maybe it sounds like a bad
impressionist trying to be her if that
makes
sense like not an actual impressionist
just like your friend yeah I don't know
I uh I'm afraid anyway there there's a
whole thing where like they apparently
reached out to her to be the voice and
she refused and then there's some other
stuff going on over at open Ai and
people are concerned about the company's
Direction I don't know I'm I'm so sorry
I feel like this is almost like uh what
what what was it like Lindsay Lohan or
something that was upset about one of
the GTA cover art things was that
Lindsay Lohan I think so I don't
remember who it was but I remember that
was a thing
GTA yeah yeah this like
really I I I I'm sorry but that is that
is the most NPC NPC you know blonde
bikini person ever like your hair's
curly here hers isn't like I don't know
man I no like people posing with the P
sign at that time was super Comm check
your messages oh no not yours oh well
for you never message anyway what I'm
kidding uh there's a bilingual brain
implant I don't know maybe next week um
okay the last thing that you really need
to weigh in is that battle State games
has tripped over their own again again
yeah so you not know but this okay
following battle State Games decision to
undermine its $150 Edge of Darkness
edition of tarov with a $250 unheard
Edition with an exclusive PVE mode and
various other pay to win goodies some
players caved and shelled out the
additional $100 to up upgrade a few days
later battlestate reduced the cost of
upgrading by half but instead of
refunding those players the $50
difference they gave them a single use
$50 in-game voucher if the player buys
something that costs less than $50 they
lose the remaining value yeah could
these guys be more cartoonishly
anti-consumer if they tried I think this
is maybe just something that we didn't
cover at the time but this is this is
fairly old at this point um I think
they've gone somewhat quiet for a while
just realizing every single thing that
they were doing was bad and dumb um so
they stopped doing things because that
was actually better for them I mean
that's not a terrible approach yeah
um was sure weird especially the lose
the remaining value thing but I think I
get it I'm assuming that they just don't
have like a credit system yeah probably
hanlon's Razer it's probably not
malicious it probably is I think some
things that they do complete and utter
competence yeah but hand L Razer doesn't
say there's never malice right it says
don't attribute to malice that which can
be adequately explained by incompetence
and I think you're right I think this
falls under probably incompetence I
think so just cuz like they they try to
do all the things themselves right
oh so popular
hello did you check your
messages okay please do that by okay
this one's a lot closer maybe it's Kate
Upton I I don't
know I don't remember who it was was it
it was Lindsay Lohan yeah yeah yeah yeah
but Reddit was looking for something
that was more similar apparently yeah
sorry apparently I a bunch of people
thought that was their phones my bad I
lied I have one more topic okay icq is
no more uh oh yeah I didn't know it was
still a thing me neither oh okay but it
set to shut down on June 26th which is
in 2 days after nearly 30 years of
operation should we buy it
oh my be better than
teams can we use icq
internally please can we can we SSO icq
oh my gosh
oh icq slack
integration guys that's not actually an
option I'm I'm meaning you suck it's
June 26th not oh sorry it's May got my
hopes up um yeah I don't know should we
buy it
wouldn't that be hilarious is it is it
potentially for sale I don't know users
are encouraged to migrate messaging
platforms from parent company a
VK VK who is this I don't know probably
it's Venture Capital with a K like it's
it's probably some holding company who
knows have I ever
have have I ever told you about the name
of EA game one of EA games' Mobile
companies no Capital games
I hope they sit on
tax oh that's pretty good that's pretty
good that's pretty good it's pretty good
wow
worse uh okay we've got something really
important for you guys yeah here sorry
one sec I'm just G
to yes yes
yes Capital games yes yes oh it's funny
sorry uh yeah oh so I've got my notes
from Tanner here um we need your help
okay so this is up to date as of 3 days
ago uh we are trying to digitize the
full quality masters of reboot the first
computer animated TV series uh the
reboot Master tapes are in a D1 format
uh there were only six models of vtrs
that used that format and only two or
three of them will likely be able to
read these particular master tapes uh
the vtrs that will work are the DCR 300
and the DCR 500 from broadcast
television systems which was a Bosch and
Phillips partnership we purchased three
vtrs oh good lord uh we apparently
purchased a DCR 300 and two DCR 500s and
we've had some small playback test
successes confirming that the tapes are
in surprisingly good shape and it says C
bottom of dog it looks great uh okay so
here we've been working on this in the
background for a while because we just
think this is pretty sick and Good Vibes
and oh my God yeah that looks so good
yeah okay man now I want to watch some
reboot okay anywh who yeah oh man that's
super exciting um very
clean all right the
problem one of the DCR 500s was working
for a short time however it is now
experiencing errors and while all three
machines have some sort of issue there
should be enough to Cobble together
something that works the main error
we're getting across the machines is
Servo reference V pulse frequency too
high the machines will not load or play
back without clearing these checks we've
tried tracking down the company that
made them so far none of our contacts
have been able to find anything um these
particular machines were manufactured by
BTS from 1992 to 1995 which meant a
different thing back then uh Phillips
took over BTS in 1995 which then turned
into okay this is a lot of thank you
Tanner uh these are a lot of Tanner
details uh let me distill it down um
Thompson broke up blah blah Grass Valley
Inc may have taken over the D1 Hardware
B catalog but our contacts there were
not able to find anything the parts that
didn't go to Grass Valley Inc were sold
to partner Capital group in 2008
something something something Prasad
Studios didn't have any information for
us they are based in India where it
appears the D1 format was never in use
uh replacing capacitor
uh is something that we have tried and
we apparently had replacement rollers
fabricated and replaced where they were
degraded what we are looking for ah yes
this is this is what I was looking for
manuals for the DCR 300 and DCR 500
we're missing operator's manual circuit
diagrams part one and bts's internal
service manuals we also are looking for
some specialized tools we would like to
get extender board 1409 for tape deck
adjust M tape dr5 and any additional
calibration tapes we also would love to
get in touch with some experts if you
have hands-on experience with BTS D1
machines particular the D particularly
the DCR 300 or DCR 500 doesn't matter
what region you have experience in um
they had offices in Netherlands Salt
Lake City Utah Singapore uh Brazil
France Burbank California and mulgrave
Australia um odds are good if anyone
knows about these machines they would
have worked at or near one of these Loc
what we are not looking for armchair
technicians that think they might know
what the issue is we have plenty of
those internally sorry my finger slipped
um rude we are not looking for
technicians with
similar familiarity with similar players
um these were produced in a time when
Tech standards were fast loose and
constantly changing we are not looking
for anyone to cold call any of the
companies involved do not cold call on
our behalf we've already done it don't
harass people it's it's stupid um we're
not looking for anything that is built
for a tape deck that is not the D1
format and we are not looking for
external options to capture the tapes we
want to learn and share the knowledge
not just hire a capture service um the
contact information is right here this
is very important reboot rewind reboot
rewind doc
gmail.com if you can legitimately help
us with any of those things we said we
do need and not the things that we said
we don't need um very hopeful that we
can restore reboot to its former glory
that would be super cool I had heard we
were interested in doing that I didn't
know Tanner was doing any work on that
yeah dog this is very cool to hear epic
going yeah I I I was like blank check
let's go and then apparently we bought
three machines it's an extremely blank
check blank check with a really long
underscore on it look I think it's a I
think it's it's cool it's very cool it
starts a lot of
conversations
about how we think of the internet and
we think of things that are digital as
as as as being preserved forever as
being around forever but actually as the
as the the the waves and waves of of
data creation have gotten larger and
larger we are actually at risk of losing
more and more and more unless we make a
con a concerted effort to preserve what
we had what was important and this is
again you know back to you know the skin
that I have in the game it's a Canadian
show uh produced here in Canada and it
is I I believe of historical
significance being the
first animated computer animated TV show
so yeah Toy Story pretty special moment
um
reboot also a a pretty special moment in
uh in computer graphics
but I also have to leave see you later
goodbye sort of not end of show asks
how's this better quality than Blu-ray
you can't make a
Blu-ray without the master tapes these
are the master tapes these are where the
episodes are stored they're not
available in their original quality
anywhere else so this is so that there
could be a Blu-ray
potentially yeah
so cool
um all right so I guess it's uh just you
and me
oh uh hi let's go with not this view
maybe I mean yeah that's not great
either um how about that how about just
I move yourself over there is that a
thing that
you you didn't even manage to go in the
right direction really it's backwards
it's backwards I didn't even realize
said uh yeah sure uh we I don't know if
we want to put Dan in the chair because
he's logged into all his stuff over
there and it'll be a bit of a hassle for
him to do that over here and we've still
got to do merch messages I think it's
time for w show after dark so uh shall
we shall we do that sure I really
sincerely wish that I had used the uh
fact that Luke was still here to run to
the washroom earlier because now I just
get to hold it for the rest of the show
cool all right hit me Dan sure sure will
try and make this uh work
uh Hey eek and NAD I recently got an
RFID collar cat feeders to prevent them
stealing food from each other and they
have been awesome is there any pet
related Tech that you ended up loving I
had one of those
RFID um Kitty doors and the idea was
that one of the cats would be allowed
out into the garage and one of them
wouldn't uh they ended up being so
strong our cats um the the Bengals that
they were both able to just force the
door open in either direction but the
concept was pretty cool because
the idea was you could
authorize in out in and out or nothing
on a per microchip uh basis uh I I have
not actually ended up investing in much
pet technology my cats just seem to be
too smart to care about anything that's
not actually human controlled like you
can't just have a little you know thing
on a motor that just kind of moves
around they just they get bored of
it hey D when did LT writers start
getting more screen time and what goes
into deciding when a writer is or isn't
featured on a particular
video this has been a different answer
at various stages in the company's
history I mean the first time a writer
was featured on screen was when Luke
joined me for wano like 10 years ago or
something like that um as for what goes
into deciding when a writer is or isn't
featured in a particular video there's a
number of criteria that we look at
internally James is actually the one who
creat kind of a a rubric for uh
determining you know whether someone
should be on camera and what are the
success metrics that we're going to be
looking for it's something that's not
actually rolled out yet because up until
now it's been a little bit more gut feel
but there are definitely things that we
that we look for I mean we look at
subject matter passion uh that's
something that's really important to us
cuz you can you can train people to be
somewhat functional on camera but you
can't train someone to actually care
about the thing that they're talking
about and genuine caring about it is in
a lot of ways a lot easier than learning
to act like you care about it right so
if we just take people who are genuinely
really interested and passionate and
excited you know even if they are you
know let's say um a relatively low
energy personality right like you look
at your high energy personalities the
people like uh like a me or an Alex and
you compare that to someone that is
maybe more of a a low energy person
ality like like a Nicholas
plof he can still be really excited and
you can still get engaged with that um
because he just genuinely cares right so
it it makes up for a lot of differences
in style that might otherwise not really
work um one of the things is you know
how well do we want the video to perform
it's no secret that a video will perform
better if it's hosted by me and the more
hosted by me it is the more better I
mean it's something that Mr Beast has
talked about on his videos where if his
you know Supporting Cast appears for an
extended period of time retention goes
down it's it's uh people subscribe to
these channels and the the closest
parasocial relationship they have is
with the primary host of these channels
and you can kind of you can have other
personalities be part of it but they are
less permanent than the primary hosts of
these channels I mean like I don't I
don't know for certain that Luke will be
on LT forever I think so I mean we're
buddies we're good um I he he believes
in the company he believes in our
mission all these things are aligned but
at the end of the day you know an
employee doesn't have the same level of
permanence as the owner founder host um
so you know that's something that has to
be carefully considered when you're
going to start grooming someone for on
camera appearances and and investing in
both that that training of them for for
the new job that they're doing and
training the audience to get to get used
to seeing them right so there's man
there's a lot of things to consider but
I'd say the biggest ones are are just
you know how much is the audience going
to like this because at the end of the
day you guys are the boss and if you
guys like it then it's good and it works
and if you guys don't like it then it
doesn't work and the whole thing
collapses
right oh let's see hey D would you like
to in uh who would you like to invite
next to the WAN show I find myself still
thinking about the conversations with
Jim Keller and telling anyone that we
listen I find myself still thinking
about the conversation with Jim Keller
that was great um I have not had any
particular thoughts on someone else we'd
like to invite to the WAN show that one
just kind of fell into my lap I still
have a lot of the same concerns that I
had around having him as a guest right
like we almost never start on time
because our schedules are are hectic and
and difficult so anytime we have a guest
who you know earns more in a day than
I'm worth in six months right like I and
I don't necessarily think that Mr Keller
is paying himself that much I just mean
if we were to bring on okay let's say
let's say Jensen right if we were to
invite Jensen to the W show it's like I
don't know how how many how many cents
did the Nvidia stock go up in the last
half an hour while he's been waiting for
us right like I it's something that I
feel self-conscious about that's for
sure I don't want to disrespect anybody
and if I know that I'm probably not
going to be on time then I'd rather just
not book the meeting so there's a little
bit of that and a little bit of just
like it's tough to find the right
balance right like I've definitely seen
other Tech creators that have platformed
people that I honestly wouldn't have
been that comfortable with a lot of um a
lot of people are hyper
influential but honestly have um have
things to answer for that I would feel
obligated to ask them like I I there are
a number of people in the billionaire
class that if I had them on the show
like think about it for yourself with
Jim Keller it's no problem let's talk
about you know microprocessor design the
future of computing amazing conversation
what a great guy um but you know he
doesn't have a lot of baggage as far as
I'm aware like if if I had one of like
one of the the you know the real Titans
like one of the one of the one of the
billionaires right if I had one of those
on the show like if I brought if I
brought in Jensen if I didn't ask him
why he doesn't give two sh about Gamers
anymore would you guys be happy with
that right so what am I going to do I'm
going to bring these guys on I'm going
to do a puff piece I'm just going to
like ask some questions they want to
answer and and that's it like look at
man look at how much um Elon musk's
demeanor changed as soon as Don Lemon
started asking him the questions that he
should be answering he basically goes I
don't have to I don't have to answer
your questions yeah because that's his
attitude he doesn't think he owes
anybody aing explanation for anything
thing it's that it's it's that arrogance
that I would feel obligated to challenge
if I have someone here on my platform in
front of your eyeballs that's that's my
responsibility and I'd honestly rather
just not have them
on hey lonus when renovating your home
was it worth it to you to install
Outlets with USB both type A and C in
convenient places or did you decide
using charging block was better I wish
that I had done some of them with uh USB
ports I uh we didn't we just left all
the original Outlets because we didn't
want to throw money in a dumpster for no
reason uh but I I I definitely wish that
I'd strategically put some in in fact I
bought a couple and they're still
sitting in my bin of stuff to do to
strategically install like under the
kitchen counter and like in a couple of
other places I I considered at one point
replacing all of them and if we were
going to replace them I was going to be
like ah screwed I don't know get the USB
ones uh but then I looked at the price
difference I was like okay actually you
know what just forget the whole thing
put the original ones back in U but yeah
I'm going to go around I'll do it myself
in an afternoon or something like that
it's if you I I I I'm not recommending
that you do that in fact in some places
it's illegal to work on your own house
in that manner but I um I have the
capability of replacing a duplex
receptacle so you know just to turn up
the breaker make sure all the things go
in the right place um so I do intend to
do that at some point hi W.D buying this
is a Father's Day gift my question is
for Luke uh well hm awkward
I've worked at a startup that does web
scraping what are your thoughts on the
laws that protect from it right now it's
a gray Zone lus do you have any thoughts
for Luke uh sure yeah um Luke generally
believes in a in an open internet and um
understands the the complexities and
challenges around allowing anyone
unlimited access to your
API um so that's why you obviously can't
just pull as many requests that way as
you want so that's one of the reason
reasons that screen scraping is done he
also understands the value of protecting
your data protecting your content um and
understands why you know a website might
try to protect against screen scraping
but you know I think he's going to
balance th that knowledge against his
General belief in um that information
should be openly available uh to people
and so I think he would probably have a
a nuanced take rather than uh a yay or
nay this should be a thing or this
shouldn't be a thing there I did my best
I'm pretty sure that's something like
what Luke would say I got another
question for Luke dang it I uh whoops uh
have you followed anything for the game
Dark and darker have have you you don't
play extraction Shooters nope I haven't
look Luke okay Luke he's not going to
answer Luke hey
W question mostly for lonus hey we got
one are there any other VR games aside
from beat saber that you used to work
out I personally love until you fall I
man beat saer just kind of became my
thing um I definitely liked hollow point
before that um it's a wow is that ever a
dynamic game once you get past the first
couple of levels you're diving you're
ducking you're dodging um really cool if
you haven't played it before basically
you've got a bow and arrow and you've
got to you've got to shoot these things
that they turn red gradually and then
when they do they fire something at you
and when you break them they fire
something at you so you basically have
to hit them and immediately Dodge every
every single time you take one down you
got to and you got to be looking all
around you all the time because they
they spawn in and then they start
changing color and then you get up a
little bit higher and then like guys
start coming at you on the ground it's
it's it's it's
crazy when the pandemic yes I was trying
to do the ant baru voice thank you for
catching it quantum Rand when the
pandemic hit we went from one to one
Chromebooks we went to onetoone
Chromebooks as an IT teacher trying to
certify students in the A+ I have
students that have never used windows
it's becoming an issue how can I prep
them you can't um uh yeah no but this is
what I'm talking about this is what I'm
talking about you got an entire
generation of kids who the only computer
that they might interface with on a
regular basis is a Chromebook um I think
A+ is going to have to kind of like
figure that figure that out a little bit
and that's going to have to be part of
their prep materials that they
develop and let's see last one I've got
for you here hey lld I've seen some big
YouTube channels starting their own
streaming services recently did they
contact you about float plane has the
moment for float plane as a service
arrived um no I think we need we would
need to hire someone whose entire job is
to is to build out float planes offering
and it's very clear to me that there are
streaming services that could benefit
from our team's expertise I I I tuned
into the Canucks short-lived playoff run
and I discovered that um sportset plus
which is owned by Rogers which is a
media giant here in Canada um ISP mobile
network provider uh anyway they they own
the broadcasting rights for um that
particular series I think the NHL in
Canada I don't know whatever I I I
forget how the rights work it's been a
long time since I followed it closely
the point is I was watching on Roger
Sports Net plus and um hilariously I
discovered that they have not figured
out a DRM protection scheme that
protects their streams from users simply
logging in opening a stream window
getting a session key and then just
sharing that with anyone they they are
not actually doing any user account
authentication we solved that like five
or six years ago
um and I'm sitting here going dude we've
got like half a dozen people what are
you even doing so yeah there's
definitely opportunities there with
companies that have money we just
haven't developed that business because
we're doing we're doing other stuff I I
don't know what to tell you I I would I
would love for float plane to really
take off but as it is it's it's still
doing fine like we've got I think like
35,000 subscribers on float plane right
now to LTT alone we've got other
creators on the platform um it's just
kind of doing its thing it's doing his
thing uh yeah sure um hi friends it's my
husband's birthday on the 3 and he
always listens to the W show on podcast
could you give him a shout out he wishes
there was more W show throughout the
week well it would help if you told me
his name um but hey I'm going to do this
the best way that I can um shout out
Michaela M's husband
so that's that that worked out great and
I think we've got a
problem oh no we do we do have a problem
hold on I think I have a solution I
can't push the button I think I think I
have a solution it's
illegal uh I I'm I've got this I've got
this hold
on hello uh Hey we've got a bit of a
problem what all right thanks for for
tuning into to the W show we'll see you
again next week same bad time same bad
Channel
bye thanks L bye
[Music]